A Study of Nigerian Youths' Understanding, Perception of HIV/AIDS Phenomenon and Sex Attitudes: The Link between Acceptance of Reality and Marketing Motives of Multinational Pharmaceutical Companies. The HIV/AIDS Pandemic is one of the most serious and urgent public health challenges facing the government people and civil society in Nigeria today. The spread of the HIV responsible for AIDS has actually come under great control and management in many western countries. The developing countries such as Nigeria are still very much confused and battling with the reality and acceptance of the deadly virus in the society. In Nigeria, traditional beliefs, religion, cultural influences, poverty and social vices have hindered most of the genuine efforts of government and non governmental agencies to tackle HIV/AIDS menace in the country. Most of the youths in Nigeria, especially the secondary school, college and undergraduate students are very much aware that the sexual intercourse is the most prevalent mode of HIV/AIDS transmission in the country. Yet, for a variety of reasons, many of the youths in Nigeria continue to engage in sexual behaviours which are unsafe and could put them at risk of HIV/AIDS infection. The study discovers among others that some people mostly youths in Nigeria see HIV/AIDS as development propaganda to help multinational pharmaceutical companies sell and market their drugs and other sex related products in the country. It is also concluded that the information on HIV/AIDS and the sexual behaviour and the practice among Nigerian youths is still very much inadequate. 
In-Arrears Interest Rate Derivatives under the 3/2 Model. Lie symmetry methods are used to find a closed form solution for in-arrears swaps under the 3/2 model value value 3 2 d d d r r A t r t cr Z = - + a. As well, approximate solutions are found for short-tenor inarrears caplets and floorlets under the same interest rate model. Comparisons are made of the approximate option values with those obtained with a computationally-intensive numerical scheme. The approximate pricing is found to be substantially fast and easy to implement, while the relative errors with respect to the "true" prices are very small. 
A Typology of Institutional Frameworks for Organizations. Inspired by Dr. Clare Graves' research on evolutionary developments in value systems and levels of existence, this report introduces an integral business framework-a sequence of ideal type organizations-each characterized by specific institutional arrangements. A table-the transition matrix-summarizes the specific features of each type. It is an update of former version based upon an international EU-financed ECSF research project [1]. 
Insights from Behavioral Economics to Decrease Pollution and Reduce Energy Consumption. This report is written to help relieve existing environmental problems. This report focuses on how insights from Behavioral Economics can be drawn and affect human behavior in order to reduce pollution and relieve environmental problems. This research involves several interviews with government officials involving the preservation of energy and water, managers of environment-related corporations, and leaders of non-government organizations that are trying to reduce pollution and save the environment. Reviewing the existing measures taken by governments, this report analyzes different points of views and approaches and gives several practical suggestions on reducing pollution in the Behavioral Economics point of view, which can be referred to by legislations and other organizations and helps eco-friendly policies to be more efficient and accepted. This report also evaluates different measures that could be taken and the costs and benefits of different alternatives, bringing a clearer understanding of the impacts of many possible actions that can be both vital and beneficial. 
A method to encapsulate model structural uncertainty in ensemble projections of future climate: EPIC v1. 0. A method, based on climate pattern scaling, has been developed to expand a small number of projections of fields of a selected climate variable (X) into an ensemble that encapsulates a wide range of indicative model structural uncertainties. The method described in this report is referred to as the Ensemble Projections Incorporating Climate model uncertainty (EPIC) method. Each ensemble member is constructed by adding contributions from (1) a climatology derived from observations that represents the time-invariant part of the signal; (2) a contribution from forced changes in X, where those changes can be statistically related to changes in global mean surface temperature (T global ); and (3) a contribution from unforced variability that is generated by a stochastic weather generator. The patterns of unforced variability are also allowed to respond to changes in T global. The statistical relationships between changes in X (and its patterns of variability) and T global are obtained in a "training" phase. Then, in an "implementation" phase, 190 simulations of T global are generated using a simple climate model tuned to emulate 19 different global climate models (GCMs) and 10 different carbon cycle models. Using the generated T global time series and the correlation between the forced changes in X and T global , obtained in the "training" phase, the forced change in the X field can be generated many times using Monte Carlo analysis. A stochastic weather generator is used to generate realistic representations of weather which include spatial coherence. Because GCMs and regional climate models (RCMs) are less likely to correctly represent unforced variability compared to observations, the stochastic weather generator takes as input measures of variability derived from observations, but also responds to forced changes in climate in a way that is consistent with the RCM projec-tions. This approach to generating a large ensemble of projections is many orders of magnitude more computationally efficient than running multiple GCM or RCM simulations. Such a large ensemble of projections permits a description of a probability density function (PDF) of future climate states rather than a small number of individual story lines within that PDF, which may not be representative of the PDF as a whole; the EPIC method largely corrects for such potential sampling biases. The method is useful for providing projections of changes in climate to users wishing to investigate the impacts and implications of climate change in a probabilistic way. A web-based tool, using the EPIC method to provide probabilistic projections of changes in daily maximum and minimum temperatures for New Zealand, has been developed and is described in this report. 
Designing a Long Acting Erythropoietin by Fusing Three Carboxyl-Terminal Peptides of Human Chorionic Gonadotropin b Subunit to the N -Terminal and C -Terminal Coding Sequence. A new analog of EPO was designed by fusing one and two CTPs to the N-terminal and C-terminal ends of EPO (EPO-(CTP) 3 ), respectively. This analog was expressed and secreted efficiently in CHO cells. The in vitro test shows that the activity of EPO-(CTP) 3 in TFI-1 cell proliferation assay is similar to that of EPO-WT and commercial rHEPO. However, in vivo studies indicated that treatment once a week with EPO-(CTP) 3 (15 mg/kg) dramatically increased (~8 folds) haematocrit as it was compared to rHuEPO. Moreover, it was found that EPO-(CTP) 3 is more effective than rHuEPO and Aranesp in increasing reticulocyte number in mice blood. The detected circulatory half-lives of rHuEPO, Aranesp, and EPO-(CTP) 3 following IV injection of 20 IU were 4. 4, 10. 8, and 13. 1 h, respectively. These data established the rational for using this chimera as a long-acting EPO analog in clinics. The therapeutic efficacy of EPO-CTP analog needs to be established in higher animals and in human clinical trials. 
An Extended Model of Currency Options Applicable as Policy Tool for Central Banks with Inflation Targeting and Dollarized Economies. The purpose of this report is to provide a new set of tools for policy makers at central banks. Based on the Garman-Kohlhagen [1] formula for currency options, this research extends it with the Taylor-rule expression used for inflation targeting, thus obtaining the corresponding Call and Put options and the first and higher-degree partial derivatives known as "Greeks" for key variables such as the policy target domestic interest rate and the output gap. 
Financial Stress Interacts With CLOCK Gene to Affect Migraine. Previous studies suggested that both maladaptive stress response and circadian dysregulation might have a role in the background of migraine. However, effects of circadian genes on migraine have not been tested yet. In the present study, we investigated the main effect of rs10462028 of the circadian locomotor output cycles kaput (CLOCK) gene and its interaction with different stress factors on migraine. In our cross-sectional study 2,157 subjects recruited from Manchester and Budapest completed the ID-Migraine questionnaire to detect migraine type headaches (migraineID). Additional stress factors were assessed by a shortened version of the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire, the List of Threatening Experiences questionnaire, and a validated questionnaire to identify financial difficulties. Rs10462028 showed no main genetic effect on migraineID. However, chronic stress indexed by financial difficulties showed a significant interaction effect with rs10462028 (p = 0. 006 in recessive model) on migraineID. This result remained significant after correction for lifetime bipolar and unipolar depression and was replicated in both subsamples, although only a trend effect was reached after Bonferroni-correction, which is the strictest correction not considering interdependences. Childhood adversity (CHA) and Recent negative life events (RLE) showed no significant gene x stress interaction with rs10462028. In addition, in silico analysis demonstrated that the genetic region tagged by rs10462028 alters the binding of several miRNAs. Our exploratory study suggests that variations in the CLOCK gene, with moderating effect on gene function through miRNA binding, in interaction with financial difficulties might influence the risk of migraine-type headaches. Thus, financial hardship as a chronic stress factor may affect migraine through altering circadian rhythms. 
The Macroeconomic Impact of Shocks in the US Federal Funds Rate on the Republic of South Africa: An SVAR Analysis. This analysis empirically examines the influence of shocks in the US federal funds rate on the Republic of South Africa's output gap, consumer prices, 91-day T Bill rate and the Rand-US Dollar exchange rate from the first quarter of 1981 to the last quarter of 2014 with the use of a structural vector autoregressive (SVAR) model. Shocks in the US federal funds rate are found to have more of an impact on the South African inflation rate relative to other domestic macro variables. Domestic developments were found to play the most significant role in explaining the fluctuations of South Africa's macro-variables. In light of the SARB's inflation targeting monetary policy regime, it is recommended that it remains mindful of domestic developments as well as movements in the US federal funds rate in order to determine their upside risks to inflation before deciding on a policy stance. 
Development of Commercial Health Insurance in China: A Systematic Literature Review. Facing difficulties like increasing health burden and health inequity, China government started to promote commercial health insurance (CHI) in recent decades. Several policies and announcement have been issued to build up a favorable environment for development of commercial health insurance. Meanwhile, scholar tried to investigate the related issues in purpose to further improve the situation in China. Therefore, we performed this systematic review in order depict a comprehensive picture on the current evidence-based researches of CHI in China. We searched PubMed, ScienceDirect, and CNKI, supplemented with hand search in reference lists, for eligible studies published from 1990 January to 2018 April. Also, hand search was conducted to select suitable articles from international organization and reference list of eligible articles. Two independent reviewers extracted the data from eligible articles and input into a standardized form. Based on the inclusion criteria, 35 articles were included in this systematic review. Most of the studies were quantitative researches with topics such as the development level of commercial health insurance in China, the demand and supply issues related, and the relationship and influence of social health insurance, as well as the moral issues evolved from commercial health insurance system. In summary, CHI in China is still at the early development stage. Among those few evidence-based articles, the findings suggested several policy implication and different market strategy. With the initiation of new health reforms and implementation of taxes policy, more empirical researches should be conducted on issues relating to the practical operation of CHI. 
Study on the Large Deformation Characteristics and Disaster Mechanism of a Thin-Layer Soft-Rock Tunnel. In view of the large deformation of thin-layer soft rock in the No. 2 inclined shaft of the Muzhailing Tunnel, we performed an experimental investigation on the mineral composition, physical characteristics, and uniaxial compressive strength of the surrounding rock of the tunnel. e characteristics of the large deformation of the surrounding rock of the tunnel were analyzed, and the main factors influencing the deformation of the tunnel were revealed. e influence of various factors on the large deformation of the surrounding rock was analyzed using the 3DEC-Trigon discrete element numerical simulation method. e results show that (1) the deformation of the surrounding rock of the tunnel has remarkable asymmetry, the deformation of the initial support of the tunnel is significant, and the buried depth of the area where the maximum deformation of the tunnel exceeded 1 m is greater than 500 m; (2) the main factors influencing the deformation of a thin-layer slate tunnel include joint inclination, buried depth, water absorption, and softening of the surrounding rock; and (3) the maximum deformation of the surrounding rock is observed for a joint angle of 45deg, at which the buried depth is directly proportional to the deformation and failure of the tunnel. Furthermore, after the surrounding rock was softened by water absorption, the floor of the tunnel, the left shoulder socket, and the right side of the tunnel are deformed greatly. e results of this analysis will provide a theoretical basis for the study of similar deformation control methods and supporting measures for tunnels excavated in thin-layer soft rock. 
The Implications of Mandatory Corporate Social Responsibility-A Literature Review Perspective. The purpose of this report is to discuss the implications of mandatory corporate social responsibility (CSR) contributions: the CSR levy. Using public interest theory as the theoretical lens, this report adopts a pro-regulation approach and justifies the introduction of the CSR levy in Mauritius, based on the economic and business environment prevailing at the time. Secondary literature sources are used to investigate. Two further questions related to mandatory CSR are investigated: Does the CSR levy result in a competitive disadvantage? Does the CSR levy reduce profits? We conclude that the CSR levy does not disadvantage firms due to the uniform amount and its universal application. Furthermore, it can attract Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) and Socially Responsible Investment (SRI). However, the CSR levy does negatively impact on profits but has the potential to pay higher returns in the future if viewed as an investment. This research needs to be complemented by studies that empirically investigate the impacts of the CSR levy on companies and sectors in Mauritius. 
Does the human capital of board directors add value to firms? Evidence from an Asian market. This report investigates the effect of the human capital of directors on the financial performance of Vietnamese-listed companies. The dynamic system generalised method of moments (system GMM) estimator is used to examine a panel data-set consisting of 315 firm-year observations over a four-year period from 2008 to 2011. In line with resource dependence theory, we report that the human capital of directors appears to have a positive influence upon a firm's financial performance. To the best of our knowledge, this analysis is the first work on the topic of human capital of directors and firm performance for publicly listed companies in Vietnam. This analysis, by applying a dynamic longitudinal modelling approach, extends the nascent literature on board human capital as well as more generally to the corporate governance literature by providing robust empirical evidence showing that the general human capital of board directors may add value to firms. Our finding, therefore, supports the efforts made by Vietnamese policy-makers in setting up qualification standards as well as skills diversity for the boards. 
The Association Between the Changes in General, Family, and Financial Aspects of Quality of Life and Their Effects on Cognitive Function in an Elderly Population: The Korean Longitudinal Study of Aging, 2008-2016. Background The growing aging population is a global phenomenon and a major public health challenge. Among Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development countries, Korea is the fastest aging country. We aimed to investigate the relationship between changes in quality of life (QOL) and cognitive function in older adults. Method: Data from the Korean Longitudinal Study of Aging collected from 2008 to 2016 were used. In 3453 participants (men: 1943; women: 1541), QOL was measured by three aspects: general, financial, and familial. Changes in QOL status were assessed by four categories: remained poor, worsened, improved, and remained good. The level of cognitive function was measured by the Mini-Mental State Examination score (MMSE, normal range cut-off value: 24 or above). For the statistical analysis, the generalized equation model (GEE) was performed. Results: For all three aspects of QOL measured, participants whose QOL score remained poor were associated with cognitive decline that their odds ratios (OR) were statistically significant (general: OR = 1. 33; familial: OR = 1. 39; financial: OR = 1. 40). For subgroup analysis by gender, the highest OR in men was the financial aspect of QOL (OR = 1. 45); in women, the highest OR was the familial aspect of QOL (OR = 1. 75). Conclusion: This analysis showed an association between QOL and cognitive function in a Korean elderly population. Our findings suggest that QOL measurements with a gender-specific approach can be used as a tool to detect cognitive changes in older adults and help prevent or delay cognitive decline. 
A Theoretical Model of Directional Volume on Acquirer Stock in Cash Mergers. The acquisition of a target firm in a transaction financed by cash is a cash merger. Announcements of cash mergers release the positive signal that the acquirer possesses cash reserves. As stock prices rise, informed traders may obtain abnormal returns by purchasing call options, selling put options or purchasing stock. This report constructs a theoretical model in which call buy volume forms the upper bound of the final stock price, put sell volume forms the lower bound of the final stock price and stock purchase volume reveals the final stock price. 
Gamification in Management and Other Non-Game Contexts-Understanding Game Elements, Motivation, Reward Systems, and User Types. Gamification is the use of gaming methods and ways of thinking in non-game economic and social contexts in order to solve some kind of problems. Possible applications of gamification are currently the subject of broad-based discussion in marketing and management in particular. Expectations are very high, primarily in those areas in which motivation processes have a large part to play. In order to fully exploit the potential of gamification, a profound understanding of modes of operation in gamified systems is needed. This then enables a productive transfer of game elements to non-game contexts, taking into account user typologies and including the requirements of very different application scenarios. This article takes up the findings of different theoretical and empirical studies on gamification from various perspectives. It combines the findings into an integral perspective and provides a catalogue of core elements of gamified systems. Approaches to reward mechanisms in gamified systems are worked out on the basis of fundamental motivation theories. It is argued that a simple adoption of award systems cannot be productive; the different kinds of needs of users with regard to social interaction, attractive challenges and individual development opportunities must, rather, be incorporated into the design of gamified systems. The article offers practitioners and researchers new impetuses for further engagement with gamified systems. 
Characterizing Milk Supply and Marketing Chains and Losses in Wolmera and Ejere Districts of Ethiopia. This analysis was made with the purposes of characterizing milk supply and marketing chains, postproduction losses of milk, and evaluating the potential of supply chain management approach to reduce milk losses in Ethiopia. Primary data were collected by semi-structured survey questionnaire and interview of key informants. The collected data were analyzed using SPSS and Microsoft Excel sheets. Mapping, characterizations, and descriptive statistics were used to analyze the collected data. Both quantitative and qualitative-narrative methods were used in analysis. The finding revealed that farmers, cooperatives/unions, traders, and catering institutions were the major chain actors in milk chain in the study area. With 73% of milk sold by farmers passing through cooperatives/unions to the next chain actors, cooperatives/unions were the focal firms in this supply chain. Production was characterized by smallholders with few numbers of cows and low productivity of milk per cow per day. Cow breed and lack of access to credit were identified as critical resource and the most constraint that hinder production improvement. Marketing relationships among the chain actors were characterized as lacking long-term market orientation and were mostly on the spot and transaction based. The assessment on the enabling environment indicated further need of support from governmental and non-governmental stakeholders to build the capacity of chain actors, particularly the farmers. The study indicated existence of significant amount of milk losses in the milk chain. With 39% of the total losses happening at cooperatives/ union stage, cooperatives/unions were identified as loss hotspot point in the chain. Poor milk handling practice at the collection points, lack of immediate acceptors, milk carrying tools used, means of transport used, and ineffective communication with other partner in the chain were identified in order of severity as important problems causing milk losses in the study area. Based on the study results and review of others' work in similar contexts, this analysis argued for SCM to be part of solution in improving this dairy chain. The study showed cases where effectively imple-* Corresponding author. 
Guerilla Marketing of Fresh Organic Agricultural Products. The aim of this exploratory study was to gather understandings about guerilla marketing of fresh organic agricultural products from the perspectives of: farmers, marketers and customers in Mauritius, considered being one of the thriving islands of the Indian Ocean and a success story of the African continent. Gathering fruitful insights about the penetration of fresh organic agricultural products via guerilla marketing-a novel, unconventional approach with its associated innovative, imaginative and surprise elements-in this lustrous market was interesting. Responses obtained from the supply and demand point of views, revealed that many were reluctant to consume fresh organic agricultural products but, promoting the latter via guerilla marketing could be beneficial. However, traditional marketing approaches were still much appreciated and thus, setting the right key performance indicators to measure success of the marketing of fresh organic agricultural products via guerilla marketing as compared to traditional marketing methods was vital. 
Tariffs and Total Factor Productivity: The Case of Ghanaian Manufacturing Firms. This report investigates the effects of trade liberalization on firm productivity in Ghana. We examine Ghanaian trade policy from 1993 to 2002, a period during which trade liberalization deepened with intermittent protection in a number of ways across industries, to investigate the effects of trade policy reforms and firm productivity. We find a strong negative impact of nominal tariffs on firm productivity, controlling for observed and unobserved firm characteristics and industry heterogeneity, a result that is robust to various alterations of the base model, including treating tariffs as endogenous and employing different estimation techniques. These results indicate that firms that are overprotected have a lower level of Total Factor Productivity than firms that are exposed to import competition. The estimated coefficients on both tariffs and its squared term confirm that higher tariffs are particularly distortionary. 
A Research on Control Layers of SOEs and R & D Investment. The pyramid structure of the SOEs along with the process of continuous reform has significantly affected the business activities and the decision-making behaviors of enterprises. Based on the data from 2007 to 2015, the paper validates the influence of the length of the control chain of SOEs on the R & D investment behavior of enterprises. Through analysis, we find that, with the control chain being lengthened, it suggests the significant decrease in R & D investment, but this correlation is not obvious for the central SOEs. Further research finds that, although there is no significant effect between the length of the control chain of the central SOEs and the R & D investment in the case of the whole sample, when the control layer is greater than median, the elongation of the control chain significantly inhibits the R & D investment of central SOEs and local SOEs. What' s more, we find that the negative correlation of the number of control layers and R & D investment for local SOEs is only significant when the agent cost is lower. 
Credit Risk Meets Random Matrices: Coping with Non-Stationary Asset Correlations. We review recent progress in modeling credit risk for correlated assets. We employ a new interpretation of the Wishart model for random correlation matrices to model non-stationary effects. We then use the Merton model in which default events and losses are derived from the asset values at maturity. To estimate the time development of the asset values, the stock prices are used, the correlations of which have a strong impact on the loss distribution, particularly on its tails. These correlations are non-stationary, which also influences the tails. We account for the asset fluctuations by averaging over an ensemble of random matrices that models the truly existing set of measured correlation matrices. As a most welcome side effect, this approach drastically reduces the parameter dependence of the loss distribution, allowing us to obtain very explicit results, which show quantitatively that the heavy tails prevail over diversification benefits even for small correlations. We calibrate our random matrix model with market data and show how it is capable of grasping different market situations. Furthermore, we present numerical simulations for concurrent portfolio risks, i. e. , for the joint probability densities of losses for two portfolios. For the convenience of the reader, we give an introduction to the Wishart random matrix model. 
E-Money Payment: Customers' Adopting Factors and the Implication for Open Innovation. This investigation was carried out on the adoption of the e-money payment model with the application of a quantitative and qualitative approach (mixed methods). Online questionnaires, which included closed-ended questions on a Likert five-point scale and open-ended questions, were distributed through social media chat groups. Respondent samples were drawn from the population of adolescent customers in Indonesia. The collected questionnaires were verified for accuracy, reliability, and validity before the data were analyzed. Adequate data were used to test the relationship model between latent variables, and the relationship of latent variables in the model was tested using partial least squares by employing Smart-PLS 3. 0 software and NVIVO 12 plus. The final analysis shows that the reasons for adopting e-money are practicality and convenience. The main reasons that customers adopt electronic money are its practicality, ease of use, efficient transaction time, faster payment, and the simplicity of the payment process. The final modeling formed good-fit inner and outer models. This model verifies the significant influence of social factors, effort expectancy, and facilitation conditions on e-money attitudes. Additionally, social factors, effort expectancy, and attitudes have a significant influence on e-money behavior. 
Export-Output Growth Nexus Using Threshold VAR and VEC Models: Empirical Evidence from Thailand. This report explores the relationship between export, import, and output for Thailand over the period from 1990 to 2017. The threshold vector autoregressive (VAR) and threshold vector error correction (VEC) models were applied. The empirical evidence confirms that the export-led growth hypothesis is valid, implying feedback within the export-output growth nexus. During business cycles, the export-output characteristics in economic cycles can be classified by the two-threshold VAR and VEC models. These relevant variables converge from the long-run equilibrium. As for the thresholds which are correlated, gross domestic product (GDP) vs. export and GDP vs. import exist as a long-run equilibrium relationship, while there does not seem to be a relationship of export vs. import. Furthermore, a five-year forecast was created (the period of 2018-2022). The export-output growth scenarios appear to swing upward continuously throughout the short-term trend. Therefore, policy-makers should highlight countercyclical macroeconomic policies at lower, medium, and upper regimes to strengthen the state of recovery and encourage the state of short recession. 
Speed of Adjustment and Infraday/Intraday Volatility in the Italian Stock and Futures Markets. We estimate the speed of adjustment of prices to value changes in the Italian stock and futures markets using variances in different return intervals. The paper presents evidence that an assumption of linearity for the relationship volatility-time is untenable when intraday and infraday data are used jointly. Prices adjust to new information within three days, but the process is complex with evidence of overshooting and divergent movements in the smaller return intervals. Firms behave differently according to their inclusion or exclusion from the MIB30 index. The speed of adjustment is strongly related to firm-specific characteristics and the log of capitalization explains some of the cross-sectional variability in the adjustment coefficients for most of the return intervals. 
Small Mushrooms for Big Business? Gaps in the Sustainable Management of Non-Timber Forest Products in Southwest China. The challenge of managing forests for the production of commercial non-timber forest products (NTFPs) lies in promoting economic development by maintaining and even increasing production while simultaneously maintaining or improving ecological conditions. The discussion of forest management therefore encompasses a wide range of social, economic, political, and ecological questions. Empirically, it is clear that both market and government failure can lead to unsustainable management in commercial NTFP use. How can we manage the market and at the same time formulate good policies? Taking cases from Southwest China, this report critically examines the current development of NTFP commercialization in the mountainous region of Southwest China. It focuses particularly on three pieces of research on mushroom collection and marketing. By examining empirical data, the paper analyzes current gaps in the policy and the market in mountainous areas in the context of promoting sustainable use of NTFP. It examines the market structure from the perspective of market failure and explores the government's failure to promote commercial NTFPs. We recommend economic and political decentralization, capacity building, and government investment as means to improve sustainable management. 
Price Forecasting and Analysis of Exchange Traded Fund. ETFs are baskets of securities designed to track the performance of an index. They are designed to provide exposure to broad-based indexes at a lower cost. We first analyzed why ETF should be the choice for an investment. We provide a brief history of this segment, key attributes of ETFs, and investments strategies and implementations with ETFs. The article then presents data analysis and a series of forecasting methods with data analysis techniques to evaluate the performance of each method. The data analysis and the forecast evaluation is to determine the best forecasting model for a single ETF (SPY). The different techniques considered include single exponential smoothing, Holt's exponential smoothing, simple linear regression, multiple regression and various versions of Box-Jenkins (ARIMA) models. Based on the evaluation of a decade of past historical data, we provide a guidance for the price of our ETF (SPY) using the multiple regression technique (with an R-square of 98. 4%), which produced promising results (with low forecast errors of 1% across several forecast metrics), among the different techniques evaluated. Promising results were also obtained using the Multiple regression technique on several other popularly traded ETF's. 
Application of digital technologies to increase business activity in construction. Digitization collects all construction sites. There is no alternative to the use of digital tools on construction sites. However, the implementation of the strategy of digitization is especially necessary for a construction company. As in all sectors, the main digitization industry is now similar to a large construction site. All construction companies should find their way on a wide field of digitization. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Financial Development and Income Inequality in Emerging Markets: A New Approach. Financial development has been considered an efficient and effective mechanism for the sustainable economic growth and development of emerging markets in past decades. However, various concerns have emerged in relation to the influences of financial sector development on income inequality. It is the claim of this report that findings from the current literature are incomplete. This is because various proxies have been utilized inconsistently for both financial development and income inequality in previous empirical studies. This analysis extends the current literature on this important finance-inequality nexus by examining a sample of 21 emerging countries for the period of 1961-2017. Various estimation techniques were employed with the aim of ensuring robust findings. Findings from this report confirm the existence of an inverted U-curve relationship between financial development and income inequality, implying that income inequality may rise at the early stage of financial development and fall after a certain level is achieved. Policy implications have emerged from the findings of this analysis. 
Financial Time Series Prediction Using Elman Recurrent Random Neural Networks. In recent years, financial market dynamics forecasting has been a focus of economic research. To predict the price indices of stock markets, we developed an architecture which combined Elman recurrent neural networks with stochastic time effective function. By analyzing the proposed model with the linear regression, complexity invariant distance (CID), and multiscale CID (MCID) analysis methods and taking the model compared with different models such as the backpropagation neural network (BPNN), the stochastic time effective neural network (STNN), and the Elman recurrent neural network (ERNN), the empirical results show that the proposed neural network displays the best performance among these neural networks in financial time series forecasting. Further, the empirical research is performed in testing the predictive effects of SSE, TWSE, KOSPI, and Nikkei225 with the established model, and the corresponding statistical comparisons of the above market indices are also exhibited. The experimental results show that this approach gives good performance in predicting the values from the stock market indices. 
Overview on the Distribution System of Mineral Energy Ownership in China. This report is a preliminary exploration on the attribution system of mineral energy ownership of China. In this article, mineral energy is broken down into two categories, namely, the energy minerals and the products of energy minerals. Subsequently, this report further elaborates and makes a pectination to the energy ownership system according to the mode of acquisition of the two types of mineral energy in China. 
Ability Matters: Effects of Youth Labor- Market Opportunities on Long-Term Labor-Market Outcomes*. Utilizing registry data from cognitive ability tests for all Norwegian males born between 1962 and 1973, I study whether labor-market conditions at the age of graduation have differential effects on earnings and employment for different ability groups. I find that low-ability males are more vulnerable to local business cycles at the expected time of labor-market entry. In particular, I demonstrate that low-ability males suffer larger long-term earnings losses than the rest of the population. 
Efficient Parallel Implementation of Matrix Multiplication for Lattice-Based Cryptography on Modern ARM Processor. Recently, various types of postquantum cryptography algorithms have been proposed for the National Institute of Standards and Technology's Postquantum Cryptography Standardization competition. Lattice-based cryptography, which is based on Learning with Errors, is based on matrix multiplication. A large-size matrix multiplication requires a long execution time for key generation, encryption, and decryption. In this report, we propose an efficient parallel implementation of matrix multiplication and vector addition with matrix transpose using ARM NEON instructions on ARM Cortex-A platforms. The proposed method achieves performance enhancements of 36. 93%, 6. 95%, 32. 92%, and 7. 66%. The optimized method is applied to the Lizard. CCA key generation step enhances the performance by 7. 04%, 3. 66%, 7. 57%, and 9. 32% over previous state-of-the-art implementations. 
Upward pressure on wages and the interregional trade spillover effects under demand-side shocks. The paper illustrates the effect of a permanent demand-side shock in the perturbed regions and the associated spillover effects in the non-perturbed regions using a spatialnumerical general equilibrium model of the EU economy. 
Modern methods of forming an innovation strategy of the banking sector of the economy. The aim of this analysis is to develop modern approaches to the formation of innovation strategies of credit institutions based on nontechnological innovations. As a result of the analysis of theoretical material, a conceptual model was developed for the formation of the innovation policy of credit institutions, and the impact of nontechnological innovations on the efficiency of their functioning was assessed. Based on the classification of the portfolio of innovation tools, a mathematical model has been developed and a methodology has been proposed for operative control over the process of implementing a set of innovation strategies included in the development plan of a credit institution. 
DASHBOARD USABILITY IN FINANCIAL MODELING. This article is focused on the possibility of utilizing dashboard applications in financial modeling. In the era of easy access to the spreadsheet generator, as well as applications and the Internet, it is appropriate to use these tools in each area. The increasing amount of data and the need for daily monitoring and evaluation lead to the development of management applications with graphical data analysis known as "Dashboards. " The manager has the option to buy the app with a predefined environment, or create his own version-specific to the company. If only a simpler design is needed, without an online base and a connection with external databases, then it is possible to create such a simple dashboard using Excel and manage it by trained personnel. In the article, we, therefore, introduced a sample of financial indicator suitable for analysis through the application process and also showed how to create the basic interactive application. JEL Classification Numbers: C58, DOI: http://dx. 
Transition towards Sustainable Solutions: Product, Service, Technology, and Business Model. Nowadays, the horse industry can be considered as an important industry in European countries and has a major role in agricultural industry throughout the world. Although today the diversity of the horse-related companies provides new markets and business opportunities, there are also some sustainable issues which needs to be addressed. Therefore, this analysis contributes to this research gap by reviewing the concept of sustainability and existing approaches to find sustainable solutions for companies. These sustainable approaches can be applied to products, services and technologies as well as business models, such as the product-service-system (PSS), circular economy (CE) and industrial symbiosis (IS). Although there seems to be a growing understanding of sustainable approaches and their role in sustainable development, there is a lack of research at the empirical level regarding the types of sustainability approaches (i. e. , technologies, services, products and business models) that evolve in specific industries. The empirical data in this research have been collected from a cross-section of Finnish horse industry operators to determine how willing companies are to exploit approaches to sustainable solutions, as well as what the existing sustainable solutions are in this industry. The response rate of this analysis is approximately 24 percent, including 139 received valid responses among the sample of 580 operators. 
A Study on the Decorative Patterns of Tibetan Buddhist Monastery Architecture. Architecture is the refuge of human beings, and Tibetan Buddhism is the spiritual sustenance of the Tibetan people. The monastery architecture produced by the combination of religious culture and architectural art makes us see a very characteristic religious architectural culture. Architectural decoration art is not only the product of culture, but also the embodiment of human artistic thought. Tibetan Buddhist monastery architecture is the essence of Tibetan architecture, and its decorative patterns are the comprehensive embodiment of religious culture and architectural art. The study of decorative patterns of religious architecture can more deeply understand the connotation of religious culture. 
Risk and Financial Management Article How Do Corporate Social Responsibility and Corporate Governance Affect Stock Price Crash Risk?. We investigate the impact of corporate social responsibility (CSR) and corporate governance on stock price crash risk in manufacturing sector of India and Pakistan. We collect data of nine years from 2010 to 2018 from DataStream of 353 manufacturing firms. We apply the Generalized Method of Moments (GMM) to the analysis of the data. We find that when firms actively engage in CSR activities, they lead to reduced stock price crash risk. We further find that managerial ownership has a significant positive impact on stock price crash risk, while board size and CEO duality show a significant and negative impact on stock price crash risk. 
Environmental Policy for Non-Point Source Pollutions in a Bertrand Duopoly. This analysis investigates the effectiveness of ambient charges under non-point source (NPS) pollutions in an imperfect competition framework. To this end, following Ganguli and Raju [1], it constructs a one-stage game and a two-stage game in which Bertrand duopolistic firms choose their best prices and abatement technology, respectively. It is demonstrated in both games that an increase in the ambient charge can lead to a decrease in pollution. This finding indicates that the ambient charge can efficiently control pollution in a Bertrand duopoly. 
Spatial Economics in the Era of One Belt One Road and Counter-Globalization. After an overview of spatial economics, we review China's recent One Belt One Road (OBOR) Initiative, and the contrary counter-globalization forces in the contemporaneous geopolitical and social landscapes. We then discuss their impact on and new paradigms in spatial economics. 
Successful Factors and Prediction of Crowdfunding on WeChat. Taking crowdfunding projects on WeChat for research object, including Tencent Charitable Foundation and Qingsongchou, empirical study has used the multivariate analysis of variance, logistic regression and data mining to analyse the influence factors of final funding and the result (success or failure), and then build a model to forecast the result. The empirical study indicates that user participation, user trust and project characteristics have significant influence on crowdfunding projects' success. The forecast model based on data mining has good prediction accuracy. 
Genome Sequence of Deinococcus marmoris PAMC 26562 Isolated from Antarctic Lichen. Deinococcus marmoris strain PAMC 26562 was isolated from Usnea sp. , a lichen collected from King George Island, Antarctica. We report here the draft genome sequence of strain PAMC 26562, which has xanthorhodopsin and carbon monoxide dehydrogenase genes in addition to major metabolic pathways presented in deinococcal genomes. 
The path to UHC: The Lessons learnt from transitioning from a Community-based to a State-wide health insurance Scheme in Nigeria. SUBJECT AREAS. Background Social health insurance has been widely proposed as a key strategy in moving towards universal health coverage. This report reports on the transition of a community-based health insurance scheme in Kwara State, Nigeria, in 2016 to a state-wide social insurance program. 
Reasons Fostering or Discouraging the Implementation of Central Bank-Backed Digital Currency: A Review. This analysis analyses the current debate around central bank-backed digital currency (CBDC). A comparative study was carried out considering countries for and against implementing a CBDC and their reasons, looking for common causes, differences, etc. The conclusion was that there are opposite tendencies between defenders and detractors of establishing a CBDC. However, today-and taking into account the positions of three large banking institutions (the Federal Reserve of the United States of America, the Bank of Japan and the Bank of England) on establishing (at least in the short term) a CBDC)-it seems that large-scale implementation is still far off. On the contrary, the Chinese Central Bank and banking systems of other countries that have less weight in the world, such as Uruguay, Lithuania and the Bahamas, seem to go against the trend of rejection and are seriously considering its implementation. Although this matter has been dealt with in the theoretical field, more pilot tests such as the one carried out by Uruguay are necessary in order to understand specific effects on the economy, on one hand, and on acceptance of its use by the population, on the other. 
Economics of Managed Aquifer Recharge. Managed aquifer recharge (MAR) technologies can provide a variety of water resources management benefits by increasing the volume of stored water and improving water quality through natural aquifer treatment processes. Implementation of MAR is often hampered by the absence of a clear economic case for the investment to construct and operate the systems. 
Towards a City-Based Cultural Ecosystem Service Innovation Framework as Improved Public-Private-Partnership Model-A Case Study of Kaohsiung Dome. This report explains the concept of a city-based cultural ecosystem service, and how innovations and systematic operations management can help an international city to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) model. Previous studies suggest that most of the PPP models focus on the operation and analysis of PPP construction projects, limited attention of the subsequent operations and management for PPP facilities. This report thus proposed an integrated PPP management framework with the principles of Cultural Ecosystem Service (CES) and open innovation to support better operations management of PPP projects. While the management of modern PPP projects will inevitably encounter the challenges of cross-disciplinary management and service innovation in the period of operations management, Cultural Ecosystem Service Innovation (CESI) framework is useful to support the practice and continuous improvement. A real-world case of Kaohsiung Dome in Taiwan has been benchmarked and analyzed with empirical data. With in-depth expert interviews, the paper demonstrates the use of CESI framework to support business strategy and operations management for sustainable system development and shared values. Management implications were addressed to promote multiple positive feedbacks with the government, enterprises, and the general public and jointly strive to support the development of a benchmarked city. 
Multiple-Set Split Feasibility Problems for Asymptotically Strict Pseudocontractions. In this report, we introduce an iterative method for solving the multiple-set split feasibility problems for asymptotically strict pseudocontractions in infinite-dimensional Hilbert spaces, and, by using the proposed iterative method, we improve and extend some recent results given by some authors. 
Discourse about Linear Programming and Lean Manufacturing: Two Differ-ent Approaches with a Similar, Converging Rational. In recent years, the Toyota Production System has also assumed in western manufacturing plants a predominant position. Lean Manufacturing, as it is usually called in the occidental world, aims at a "Single-piece-flow" job handling and has its advantages compared to the classic "Batch and Queue" job handling. On the other hand, mathematical Linear Programming optimization techniques have passed into oblivion, having obtained the feel to be inappropriate for production planning. Although the two approaches have different aims and application, they give particular attention to scarce resources. The concepts of "bottleneck" in Lean Manufacturing and "shadow price" in Linear Programming are complementary. The paper shows the different focus of the two approaches and crystallizes their synergic values. 
Gastroprotective activity of a novel Schiff base derived dibromo substituted compound against ethanol-induced acute gastric lesions in rats. Background: Basic function of bromine in body is to activate pepsin production in gastritis with low acidity. The present study encompasses a broad in vivo study to evaluate gastroprotective activity of a novel dibromo substituted Schiff base complex against Sprague Dawley (SD) rats. Methods: 2, 2'-[1, 2-cyclohexanediylbis (nitriloethylidyne)]bis(4-bromophenol) (CNBP) is synthesized via a Schiff base reaction, using the related ketone and diamine as the starting materials. SD rats are divided as normal, ulcer control (5 ml/kg of 10% Tween 20), testing (10 and 20 mg/kg of CNBP) and reference groups (omeprazole 20 mg/kg). Except for the normal group, the rest of the groups are induced gastric ulcer by ethanol 1 h after the pre-treatment. Ulcer area, gastric wall mucus, and acidity of gastric content of the animal stomachs are measured after euthanization. Antioxidant activity of the compound is tested by Ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) test and safety of the compound is identified through acute toxicity by [3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay. Moreover, activities of superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), levels of prostaglandins E 2 (PGE 2 ) and also malondialdehyde (MDA) are determined. Results: Antioxidant activity of CNBP was approved via FRAP assay. Vast shallow hemorrhagic injury of gastric glandular mucosa was observed in the ulcer group compared to the CNBP-treated animals. Histological evaluations confirmed stomach epithelial defense effect of CNBP with drastic decrease of gastric ulceration, edema and leucocytes penetration of submucosal stratum. Immunostaining exhibited over-expression in HSP70 protein in CNBP-treated groups compared to that of the ulcer group. Also, gastric protein analysis showed low levels of MDA, PGE 2 and high activity of SOD and CAT. Conclusions: CNBP with noticeable antioxidant property showed gastroprotective activity in the testing rodents via alteration of HSP70 protein expression. Also, antioxidant enzyme activities which were changed after treatment with CNBP in the animals could be elucidated as its gastroprotective properties. 
Journal of Economic Methodology Preference purification and the inner rational agent: a critique of the conventional wisdom of behavioural welfare economics. Neoclassical economics assumes that individuals have stable and context-independent preferences, and uses preference satisfaction as a normative criterion. By calling this assumption into question, behavioural findings cause fundamental problems for normative economics. A common response to these problems is to treat deviations from conventional rational choice theory as mistakes, and to try to reconstruct the preferences that individuals would have acted on, had they reasoned correctly. We argue that this preference purification approach implicitly uses a dualistic model of the human being, in which an inner rational agent is trapped in an outer psychological shell. This model is psychologically and philosophically problematic. 
Social Acceptability Studies of Host Communities of Opada Forest Reserve for Ecotourism Development and Promotion. To ensure sustainable flow of benefits from the resources of Opada Forest Reserve (OFR), ecotourism needs to be introduced, which requires understanding the cultural beliefs and the social acceptability of host communities (HC) of the reserve. The objectives of this analysis were to: harness the opinions and cultural beliefs of the HC of Opada Forest Reserve concerning ecotourism development in OFR. Data collection involved administration of 653 structured questionnaires to 20% of the population of the 17-HC of OFR. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and Chi-square at p <= 0. 05. Results revealed that: Host community respondents (HCR) do not want OFR de-reserved; the desire of most HCR is to participate in the management of OFR (79. 5%); HCR showed willingness to work in the reserve (87. 1%); Presence of conflicts (17. 8%) between HC and Forestry Department (FD) is not significant. Respondents want OFR to be converted to a game reserve (83. 2%). Respondents unequivocally responded (88%) that biodiversity conservation is a necessity. Government advised that a game reserve or more desirably, a national park be established in OFR. If HC hated the idea, 87% of respondents from 17 different communities will not show interest (P = 0. 43190) to work there when established. 
Distorted Factor Markets, Government Intervention, and Excess Capital Accumulation: The Case of China. This report develops a simple growth model that embeds distorted factor markets and government intervention that achieves high economic growth, low consumption, and high investment simultaneously. All of these phenomena are consistent with Chinese macroeconomic data since the 1990s, implying the inefficiency of economic growth. 
Marketing Accountability: Defining Expectations and Measuring Outcomes. This report calls for work that focuses on the relationships of marketing activities and outcomes and measures of the financial performance of the firm. More specifically, the paper suggests the need to link marketing outcomes to the cash flow of the firm and the business model that generates the cash flow. The paper also calls for greater alignment of measures of marketing accountability with expectations and responsibilities of the marketing organization. 
Maslow Portfolio Selection for Individuals with Low Financial Sustainability. In this report, we extend Maslow's need hierarchy theory and the two-level optimization approach by developing the framework of the Maslow portfolio selection model (MPSM) by solving the two optimization problems to meet the need of individuals with low financial sustainability who prefer to satisfy their lower-level (safety) need first, and, thereafter, look for higher-level (self-actualization) need to maximize the optimal return. We illustrate our proposed model with real American stock data from the S&P index and conduct the out-of-sample analysis to compare the performance of our proposed Variance-CVaR (conditional value-at-risk) MPSM with both traditional mean-variance and mean-CVaR models. Our empirical analysis shows that our proposed Variance-CVaR MPSM is not only sustainable, but also obtains the best out-of-sample performance in the sense that the optimal portfolios obtained by using our proposed Variance-CVaR MPSM obtain the highest cumulative returns in the out-of-sample period among the models used in our paper. We note that our proposed model is not only suitable to individuals with low financial sustainability, but also suitable to institutions or investors with high financial sustainability. 
Forecasting USDTRY rate by ARIMA method. This report conducts a USDTRY rate forecast by ARIMA method using 3,069 daily observations between the dates of 3 January 2005 and 8 March 2017 and generates both long-term and short-term models. Existing works related to USDTRY rate forecast using ARIMA method generate static models, and none of them conduct multi-step prediction or out of sample fit. The work described in this report, however, applies dynamic model generation and conducts multi-step ahead prediction for out of sample observations. In forecasts performed in this work for USDTRY rate, the shortterm ARIMAs outperform the long-term ARIMAs in predicting accuracy. Specifically, for the short-term ARIMAs appropriate specification is raised as ARIMA (2,1,0); on the other hand, for the long-term ARIMAs, the best order is emerged as ARIMA (0,1,1). 
Lead, Follow or Cooperate? Sequential versus Collusive Payoffs in Symmetric Duopoly Games. In many strategic settings comparing the payoffs obtained by players under full cooperation to those obtainable at a sequential (Stackelberg) equilibrium can be crucial to determine the outcome of the game. This happens, for instance, in repeated games in which players can break cooperation by acting sequentially, as well as in merger games in which firms are allowed to sequence their actions. Despite the relevance of these and other applications, no full-fledged comparisons between collusive and sequential payoffs have been performed so far. In this report we show that even in symmetric duopoly games the ranking of cooperative and sequential payoffs can be extremely variable, particularly when the usual linear demand assumption is relaxed. Not surprisingly, the degree of strategic complementarity and substitutability of players' actions (and, hence, the slope of their best replies) appears decisive to determine the ranking of collusive and sequential payoffs. Some applications to endogenous timing are discussed. 
Empirical Study of Parents' Perceptions of Preschool Teaching Competencies in China. However, parents' voice has largely been ignored in empirical research. The purpose of the present study is to reveal 3 -6 years old children's parents' perceptions about 1) the importance of new kindergarten teacher standards and 2) their perceptions about kindergarten teachers' mastery of these standards. In this analysis, considering China's new Kindergarten Teacher Professional Standards (2012) has been defined and implemented recently. China is used as a case based on a survey of 423 parents. The results show that "respect" and "love" to children are the most important competencies. Parents speak highly of teachers' mastery levels. Both parental expectations to their children and family involvements are significant impact factors to parents' cognition and assessment of kindergarten teachers' competencies. 
A Novel Machine Learning Strategy Based on Two-Dimensional Numerical Models in Financial Engineering. Machine learning is the most commonly used technique to address larger and more complex tasks by analyzing the most relevant information already present in databases. In order to better predict the future trend of the index, this report proposes a twodimensional numerical model for machine learning to simulate major U. S. stock market index and uses a nonlinear implicit finitedifference method to find numerical solutions of the two-dimensional simulation model. The proposed machine learning method uses partial differential equations to predict the stock market and can be extensively used to accelerate large-scale data processing on the history database. The experimental results show that the proposed algorithm reduces the prediction error and improves forecasting precision. 
Land Governance Re-Arrangements: The One-Country One-System (OCOS) Versus One-Country Two-System (OCTS) Approach. This report evaluates how land governance is re-arranged in a state re-structuring process. We compare the cases of the (re-)unification of China with Hong Kong with that of West and East Germany. The division and (re-)unification of these states mark different land governance re-arrangements. The China-Hong Kong (re-)unification relied on a one-country two-system (OCTS) approach, while in West and East Germany, (re-)unification resulted in the creation of a one-country one-system (OCOS). Our key interest is to identify similarities and differences in both cases and the implications of the differences. To support the analysis, we view land governance and (re-)unification from theoretical to practical lenses-structuration theory and the government tools-based approach. This supports the construction of a conceptual and analytical framework, with which we conduct an in-depth exploration to evaluate land governance re-arrangements. We find that the conceptual and analytical framework proves effective for countries, with entirely different land governance regimes, to decide whether to merge or adapt. We do not conclude which approaches for (re-)unification are appropriate to land governance re-arrangements since all countries have different historical contexts and institutional arrangements. Instead, we recommend that governments consider adaptive land governance in signification structures and focus on hierarchical enforcement in legitimation structures. While multi-level land governance in the domination structure phase is strongly required, issue-and-project-based land governance has a pivotal role in providing cross-boundary infrastructures. Nevertheless, further empirical analysis is recommended to verify how and where the re-arrangement processes are initiated and structured. 
Investigating the Drivers of Farmers' Engagement in a Participatory Extension Programme: The Case of Northern Ireland Business Development Groups. Participatory agricultural extension programmes aimed at encouraging knowledge transfer and the adoption of new technology and innovation at the farm level are a novel approach to advisory service provision. In order to drive sustainable agricultural production systems that address farm-level economic and environmental objectives, the College of Agriculture, Food and Rural Enterprise (CAFRE) in November 2015, developed a new participatory extension programme for farmers in Northern Ireland, the Business Development Groups (BDGs). The purpose of this report is to examine and analyse the drivers of farmers' decisions in relation to joining and participating in this new approach to farm extension, learning and advisory service provision. Making use of data from both primary and secondary sources, this analysis employs a mixed-methods approach which involves an empirical analysis of quantitative and qualitative data to examine the factors influencing membership of the BDG programme. The results of our analyses show that larger, more intensive farmers who are keen to access information from other farmers to improve their business performance are most likely to participate in the BDG programme. The study contributes to the empirical literature by establishing the need to take into consideration the different characteristics of farmers in the design and delivery of participatory extension programmes. formal analysis, A. H. A. ; writing-original draft preparation, A. H. A. , C. J. ; writing-review and editing, A. H. A. , C. J. , A. A. and M. W. , project administration C. J. All authors have read and agreed to the submission of the manuscript. 
Effects of Message Strategy and Need for Cognition (NFC) on Consumer Attitudes: A Case of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Advertising. Corporate social responsibility (CSR) advertising can differentiate brands and create product value, and an appropriate messaging strategy can help corporations launch persuasive CSR advertisements. This analysis employed a 2 x 2 mixed experimental design to operate two independent variables-message strategy of CSR advertising (CSR-informational advertising vs. CSR-transformational advertising) and the level of need for cognition (high-NFC vs. low-NFC)-in order to examine the effect of these variables on consumers' attitudes toward advertising and brands. Three primary conclusions were reached: 1) the message strategy of CSR advertising influenced consumers' attitudes toward advertising and brands; 2) NFC levels influenced consumers' attitudes toward advertising and brands; and 3) individuals with high NFC exhibited more positive attitudes toward advertisements and brands in the CSR-informational advertising compared with those in the CSR-transformational advertising. Overall, using advertising to promote CSR activities can strengthen corporate image, promote consumer behavior, and consolidate consumers' brand loyalty; however, corporations must actively consider how to appropriately design CSR advertising content. 
Seafood Trade Routes for Lobster Obscure Teleconnected Vulnerabilities. Front. Reliance on international seafood markets leaves small-scale fishers and fishing economies vulnerable to distant disturbances that can negatively affect market prices and trigger social, economic, and environmental crises at local levels. This report examines the role of seafood trade routes and re-exports in masking such market linkages. We employ a network approach to map the global trade routes of lobster (Homarus spp. ) from small-scale producers in North America to terminal markets and evaluate the extent to which intermediary nations act to obscure producer-market relationships. In taking this approach, we provide a method for systematically measuring "teleconnectivity" created through seafood trade routes, and thus making explicit vulnerabilities to small-scale fisheries from this teleconnectivity. Our empirical analysis shows that the perceived trade diversification of lobster producers is masking increased dependencies on a reduced number of end-markets, particularly in Asia. These results suggest, paradoxically, that the apparent diversification of trade partnerships may actually amplify, rather than reduce, the vulnerabilities of small-scale fishers associated with international trade by making risk harder to identify and anticipate. We discuss our results in the context of local fisheries and global seafood trade and describe key impediments to being able to monitor market dependencies and exposure to potential vulnerabilities. 
Analysis of the Circadian Regulation of Cancer Hallmarks by a Cross-Platform Study of Colorectal Cancer Time-Series Data Reveals an Association with Genes Involved in Huntington's Disease. Accumulating evidence points to a link between circadian clock dysfunction and the molecular events that drive tumorigenesis. Here, we investigated the connection between the circadian clock and the hallmarks of cancer in an in vitro model of colorectal cancer (CRC). We used a cross-platform data normalization method to concatenate and compare available microarray and RNA-sequencing time series data of CRC cell lines derived from the same patient at different disease stages. Our data analysis suggests differential regulation of molecular pathways between the CRC cells and identifies several of the circadian and likely clock-controlled genes (CCGs) as cancer hallmarks and circadian drug targets. Notably, we found links of the CCGs to Huntington's disease (HD) in the metastasis-derived cells. We then investigated the impact of perturbations of our candidate genes in a cohort of 439 patients with colon adenocarcinoma retrieved from the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA). The analysis revealed a correlation of the differential expression levels of the candidate genes with the survival of patients. Thus, our study provides a bioinformatics workflow that allows for a comprehensive analysis of circadian properties at different stages of colorectal cancer, and identifies a new association between cancer and HD. 
Entrepreneurship Ecosystem and Development of Entrepreneurship in Pakistan. The study has been taken in order to explore the concept of entrepreneurship ecosystem and how the development of ecosystem model has an impact on the development of entrepreneurship in Pakistan. Hence, the top-down and bottom up approach both were used simultaneously in order to comprehend the entrepreneurship ecosystem phenomenon under investigation. The entrepreneurship ecosystem has been analyzed through SMEDA SME policies, cultural tendency and private educational institutions' capacities in Pakistan in the quantitative part of the study. This analysis is however, guided by Isenberg (2011) and Mason and Brown (2014) through their scholarly work on entrepreneurship and entrepreneurship ecosystem. The mixed methods research strategy and parallel convergent design were used to understand and explore the phenomenon and hence quantitative and qualitative data were collected simultaneously. Although, the quantitative data were collected through convenience sampling from six universities, interviews were conducted at the same time from academic professionals, incubation center representatives and entrepreneurs as well. The quantitative data were then analyzed through SPSS and qualitative data through trial version of NVivo 12. The quantitative results show the significant relationship between SMEDA SME policies and development of entrepreneurship; however, the strength of relationship was considered to be weak. Similarly, the significant relationship was also found between cultural tendency and development of entrepreneurship in Pakistan; however strength of relationship was also weak. Moreover, the significant relationship was found between private educational institutions' capacities and development of entrepreneurship but, the strength of relationship was weak in nature. However, while testing the final hypothesis, the relationship between cumulative SMEDA policies, cultural tendency, private educational intuitions' capacities and entrepreneurship development in Pakistan was also found with moderate strength of association. While converging the data from quantitative and qualitative part, it was observed that, both data do converge at some point, because factors emerged in the qualitative data (family system, educational system, entrepreneurial attributes, and legal framework and incubation centers) and the results found in the quantitative data do find the relationship between with the entrepreneurship ecosystem and the development of entrepreneurship in Pakistan. 
The Impact of Economic Policy Uncertainty on Bank Credit Scale -An Empirical Study Based on Dynamic Panel System GMM Model. With the occurrence of international events such as the US election, the Brexit, the Middle East civil war and the intensification of the Sino-US trade war, the global politics and economy will be on the road of deepening adjustment, and the political and economic uncertainty around the world will continue to increase. Faced with an increasingly complex and volatile economic situation and policy environment, China's economic policy uncertainty is also increasing. Based on unbalanced panel data of 142 commercial banks in China from 2007 to 2016, the paper uses GMM model to examine the impact of economic policy uncertainty on bank credit. The empirical result shows that the increase in uncertainty will lead to conservative banking behavior and suppress the scale of bank credit. At the same time, this uncertainty will have a greater impact on non-state banks and non-listed banks. 
Model Selection Procedures in Bounds Test of Cointegration: Theoretical Comparison and Empirical Evidence. Only unstructured single-path model selection techniques, i. e. , Information Criteria, are used by Bounds test of cointegration for model selection. The aim of this report was twofold; one was to evaluate the performance of these five routinely used information criteria {Akaike Information Criterion (AIC), Akaike Information Criterion Corrected (AICC), Schwarz/Bayesian Information Criterion (SIC/BIC), Schwarz/Bayesian Information Criterion Corrected (SICC/BICC), and Hannan and Quinn Information Criterion (HQC)} and three structured approaches (Forward Selection, Backward Elimination, and Stepwise) by assessing their size and power properties at different sample sizes based on Monte Carlo simulations, and second was the assessment of the same based on real economic data. The second aim was achieved by the evaluation of the long-run relationship between three pairs of macroeconomic variables, i. e. , Energy Consumption and GDP, Oil Price and GDP, and Broad Money and GDP for BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) countries using Bounds cointegration test. It was found that information criteria and structured procedures have the same powers for a sample size of 50 or greater. However, BICC and Stepwise are better at small sample sizes. In the light of simulation and real data results, a modified Bounds test with Stepwise model selection procedure may be used as it is strongly theoretically supported and avoids noise in the model selection process. 
Expected Stock Returns and Option-Implied Rate of Return. This report examines the predictability of implied required rate of return (R OI ) of individual stock in the cross-section of stock returns. The required rate of return of each stock is implied using its corresponding stock options and used in estimating the fundamental value of stock. The study finds that stocks with low price to fundamental value have higher future returns. The inferred R OI is compared with other required rate of return derived by CAPM and Fama-French three factor model in return prediction and trading. The findings indicate that the proposed model outperforms the other two models. The forward looking R OI provides a superior estimation of fundamental value than the other two back-looking models and is better able to predict future returns. The empirical results also evidence that the proposed model provides accurate trading signals compared with the other valuation models as well as value benchmarks like price to earnings and dividend yield ratios. 
Internal states drive nutrient homeostasis by modulating exploration-exploitation trade-off. Internal states can profoundly alter the behavior of animals. A quantitative understanding of the behavioral changes upon metabolic challenges is key to a mechanistic dissection of how animals maintain nutritional homeostasis. We used an automated video tracking setup to characterize how amino acid and reproductive states interact to shape exploitation and exploration decisions taken by adult Drosophila melanogaster. We find that these two states have specific effects on the decisions to stop at and leave proteinaceous food patches. Furthermore, the internal nutrient state defines the exploration-exploitation trade-off: nutrient-deprived flies focus on specific patches while satiated flies explore more globally. Finally, we show that olfaction mediates the efficient recognition of yeast as an appropriate protein source in mated females and that octopamine is specifically required to mediate homeostatic postmating responses without affecting internal nutrient sensing. Internal states therefore modulate specific aspects of exploitation and exploration to change nutrient selection. 
Status Quo, Problems and Countermeasure Research of Home-Based Care Service Market in China-A Case Study of Sichuan Province. This report makes a case study of Sichuan Province where a large number of aging population lives. By the social investigation method, 350 aged community people are interviewed to discuss the conflict between supply and demand in the current home-based care service market and the problems arising out of the market-oriented operation. In addition, this report brings about specific countermeasures and recommendations, with a view to give full play to the role of marketoriented mechanism in optimized allocation of resources, and to inspire participancy of various forces into home-based care service market, thus diversifying the home-based care service providers and provision modes in China, and greatly improving the QOL (quality of life) of the elderly. 
Literature Review of Strategic Transformation -Based on the Literature Supported by the National Natural Science Fund and the National Social Science Fund of China. Chinese enterprises have entered to the speed competition instead of the scale competition; the enterprises can match with the dynamic environment better through strategic transformation. In this report, we selected 51 literatures about enterprise strategic transformation from the "national natural science fund" and "national social science fund", and based on this 51 literatures, we analyze these literatures in terms of the concept, motivation, transformation process and the result of strategic transformation, analyze the current research situation and research deficiencies of the existing research, prospect the future research, in order to provide guidance to Chinese enterprises and scholars. 
A Study on Mergers and Acquisition in India and Its Impact on Operating Efficiency of Indian Acquiring Company. Merger and Acquisition had been the most popular means of inorganic expansion of companies over the years. It is extensively used for restructuring the business organizations. Companies undertake mergers and acquisitions based on strategic business motivations that are, in principal, economic in nature. This research study attempts to evaluate the impact of pre and post financial performance of the acquirer companies. This will be done by comparing the pre-merger and post-merger performance of the acquirer company in selected M & A deals in India in two periods-2007-2008 (selected due to 2008 global financial crisis) and 2012-2013 (Many deals rose after 2010 and then again in 2012-2013) using select financial ratios and paired t test at 5% significance. 
Modeling and Pricing of Variance and Volatility Swaps for Local Semi-Markov Volatilities in Financial Engineering. We consider a semi-Markov modulated security market consisting of a riskless asset or bond with constant interest rate and risky asset or stock, whose dynamics follow gemoetric Brownian motion with volatility that depends on semi-Markov process. Two cases for semi-Markov volatilities are studied: local current and local semi-Markov volatilities. Using the martingale characterization of semi-Markov processes, we find the minimal martingale measure for this incomplete market. Then we model and price variance and volatility swaps for local semi-Markov stochastic volatilities. 
Examining the Financial Feasibility of Using a New Special Health Fund to Provide Universal Coverage for a Basic Maternal and Child Health Benefit Package in Nigeria. Background: A special health fund was established in Nigeria in 2014 and is known as the Basic Health Care Provision Fund (BHCPF). The fund is equivalent to at least 1% of the Consolidated Revenue of the Federation. The BHCPF will provide additional revenue to fund primary healthcare services and help Nigeria to achieve universal health coverage (UHC). This fund is to be matched with counterpart funds from states and local government areas (LGAs), and is expected to provide at least a basic benefit health package that will cover maternal and child health (MCH) services for pregnant women and under-five children. 
Asymmetric Information and Quantization in Financial Economics. We show how a quantum formulation of financial economics can be derived from asymmetries with respect to Fisher information. Our approach leverages statistical derivations of quantum mechanics which provide a natural basis for interpreting quantum formulations of social sciences generally and of economics in particular. We illustrate the utility of this approach by deriving arbitrage-free derivative-security dynamics. 
Effects of Tax-Based Saving Incentives on Contribution Behavior: Lessons from the Introduction of the Riester Scheme in Germany. This report analyzes the effects of tax-based saving incentives on contribution behavior in Germany (Riester Pension). Using tax reform and inflation, the effect of the tax price on the decision of whether or not to contribute is analyzed. Our central estimate implies a local average elasticity of the contribution decision of -2. 36. In addition, using shifts in price kinks over time, we show graphical evidence of the decision on how much to contribute. Our results show that taxpayers adjust their savings immediately if the subsidized amount increases. Consequently, the government has control over the contribution behavior on both margins by setting tax-based saving incentives. 
International Review of Applied Economics Mobile crowdsensing for road sustainability: exploitability of publicly-sourced data. This report examines the opportunities and the economic benefits of exploiting publicly-sourced datasets of road surface quality. Crowdsourcing and crowdsensing initiatives channel the participation of engaged citizens into communities that contribute towards a shared goal. In providing people with the tools needed to positively impact society, crowd-based initiatives can be seen as purposeful drivers of social innovation from the bottom. Mobile crowdsensing (MCS), in particular, takes advantage of the ubiquitous nature of mobile devices with on-board sensors to allow large-scale inexpensive data collection campaigns. This report illustrates MCS in the context of road surface quality monitoring, presenting results from several pilots adopting a public crowdsensing mobile application for systematic data collection. Evaluation of collected information, its quality, and its relevance to road sustainability and maintenance are discussed, in comparison to authoritative data from a variety of other sources. 
Stem Cell Banking for Regenerative and Personalized Medicine. Regenerative medicine, tissue engineering and gene therapy offer the opportunity to treat and cure many of today's intractable afflictions. These approaches to personalized medicine often utilize stem cells to accomplish these goals. However, stem cells can be negatively affected by donor variables such as age and health status at the time of collection, compromising their efficacy. Stem cell banking offers the opportunity to cryogenically preserve stem cells at their most potent state for later use in these applications. Practical stem cell sources include bone marrow, umbilical cord blood and tissue, and adipose tissue. Each of these sources contains stem cells that can be obtained from most individuals, without too much difficulty and in an economical fashion. This review will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of each stem cell source, factors to be considered when contemplating banking each stem cell source, the methodology required to bank each stem cell source, and finally, current and future clinical uses of each stem cell source. 
Honesty and R&D Investment-Take Guangdong Province as an Example. This report adopted the 30 provinces in 2006-2016 (except Tibet and Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) of R&D input, honesty and economic variable data, set up a panel data model, studied the honesty degree of influence R&D input, then used the level panel data from 2006 to 2017 in Guangdong province, to strengthen the honesty degree of the empirical test results of R&D input. The results show that the higher the level of honesty, the more investment in R&D will be brought in, and the country's technological strength as well as core competitiveness will be stronger. On the contrary, the lower level of honesty leads to lower R&D investment; second, the degree of honesty has a significant positive impact on R&D investment in the eastern region, while in the central and western regions the degree of honesty have no significant impact on R&D investment; finally, the honesty of Guangdong prefecture-level cities has a significant positive effect on R&D investment. 
Education sciences If a Tree Falls: Business Students Learning Active Citizenship from Environmentalists. This article presents and discusses student assignments reflecting on the documentary film If a Tree Falls, written as part of the Business Ethics and Sustainability course at The Hague University of Applied Sciences. This article follows two lines of inquiry. First, it challenges mainstream environmental education, supporting critical pedagogy and ecopedagogy. These pedagogies, which advocate pedagogy for radical change, offer a distinct and valuable contribution to sustainability education, enabling students to critically examine normative assumptions, and learn about ethical relativity, and citizenship engagement from environmentalists. The discussion of "lessons of radical environmentalism" is pertinent to the question of what types of actions are likely to achieve the widely acceptable long-term societal change. While this article focuses on student reflection on a film about radical environmentalism, this article also discusses many forms of activism and raises the question of what can be considered effective activism and active citizenship in the context of the philosophy of (environmental or sustainability) education in connection didactics and curriculum studies. Second, this article argues for the need for reformed democracy and inclusive pluralism that recognizes the needs of nonhuman species, ecocentrism, and deep ecology. The connection between these two purposes is expressed in the design of the student assignment: It is described as a case study, which employs critical pedagogy and ecopedagogy. 
Does economic distance affect the flows of trade and foreign direct investment? Evidence from Vietnam PUBLIC INTEREST STATEMENT. This analysis examines the effect of relative economic distance (RED) between countries on bilateral foreign trade and foreign direct investment (FDI), using Vietnam as a case study. The difference in per-capita GDP is used as proxy for the RED between Vietnam and her partner countries. Modified gravity models are estimated using the procedure of panel-corrected standard errors (PCSE). The results indicate that there is a feedback and significantly positive relationship between Vietnam's trade and FDI inflows. The economic distance between Vietnam and her partner countries has a significantly positive influence on the country's bilateral trade and FDI inflows. 
This analysis investigated the prevalence of unmet mental health care needs (UMHCN) and their associated factors among 2344 Asian Americans directly exposed to the World Trade Center (WTC) attack 10-11 years afterwards. Given the pervasive underutilization of mental health services among Asians, their subjective evaluation of unmet needs could provide more nuanced information on disparities of service. We used the WTC Health Registry data and found that 12% of Asian Americans indicated UMHCN: 69% attributing it to attitudinal barriers, 36% to cost barriers, and 29% to access barriers. Among all the factors significantly related to UMHCN in the logistic model, disruption of health insurance in the past year had the largest odds ratio (OR = 2. 37, 95% confidence interval: 1. 61-3. 48), though similar to functional impairment due to mental disorders. Post-9/11 mental health diagnosis, probable mental disorder and >=14 poor mental health days in the past month were also associated with greater odds of UMHCN, while greater social support was associated with lower odds. Results suggest that continued outreach efforts to provide mental health education to Asian communities to increase knowledge about mental illness and treatment options, reduce stigmatization of mental illness, and offer free mental health services are crucial to address UMHCN. 
CBU INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INNOVATIONS IN SCIENCE CONVENTIONAL AND SHADOW BANKING SECTOR -COMPARATIVE ASPECTS OF THE POST-CRISIS PERIOD IN TAIM OF THE CURRENCY BOARD -BULGARIA' CASE. The shadow banking or financial institutions specializing in lending who take an increasingly larger share of today's markets and channels for the movement of financial resources in the markets of resources between economic agents or households. 
Determinants of Tax Evasion: Empirical Evidence from Ghana. For decades, researchers of tax systems and taxation as a whole are in a dilemma on the factors affecting taxpayers' noncompliant behaviors. Numerous experimental and survey results concluded by tax researchers have identified characteristics of noncompliant taxpayers because tax revenues are seen as a major source of income in funding government expenditures. Globalization has called for a huge demand for numerous public services thereby forcing governments into increasing tax revenues to finance these projects. The demand of public service by government and taxpayers shifts the burden of taxes to taxpayers. The gap between tax revenues and tax expenditures are swelling thereby ensuring unbalanced government budgets due to taxpayers' noncompliance. Understanding the causes of tax evasion calls for research into taxpayers' reasons for evading taxes. The main aim of the study is investigating factors that have a detrimental effect on tax evasion in Ghana. In coming out with such factors, this research employed multiple regression techniques and factor analysis. The empirical results obtained from the analysis revealed that taxation and fiscal factors, demographic factors, administrative factors and economics factors are the main factors that have a significant effect on the evasion of taxes. 
The Effects of Exchange Rate Change on the Trade Balance of Slovakia. Slovakia is relatively small, open economy, partly relying on export revenues to promote economic growth. Exports, therefore, play an important role in its efforts to be more economically prosperous country. Furthermore, domestic market is insufficiently large to support large-scale production and inevitably depends on imports from other countries to supply a part of domestic consumption. Both, exports and imports solidly depend on exchange rates and their development. According to Abeysinghe and Yeak (1998), policy prescriptions have generally assumed that exchange rate depreciation stimulates exports and curtail imports, while exchange rate appreciation is detrimental to exports and encourages imports. 
Brand Equity and Brand Loyalty in the Internet Banking Context: FIMIX-PLS Market Segmentation. This research presents a model that integrates trust, online risks and benefits, brand awareness/associations, perceived quality and explains how they impact on brand equity and brand loyalty in the context of internet banking. The research model estimation uses the PLS approach and applies FIMIX-PLS to segment the sample. The research findings show that the main difference characterizing the two uncovered customer segments lies in the place of residence. Thus, the impact of online benefits on trust in the service provided is stronger for the first segment than for the second. For customers of the second segment, confidence in the bank's web site information leads to a better perception of service quality and this is very important to ensure loyalty to the brand. 
Consumer Environmental Awareness and Coordination in Closed-Loop Supply Chain. Considering the impact of products' eco-friendly level on demand, a two-stage closed-loop supply chain composed by a single manufacturer and a single retailer is constructed. Under both decentralized and centralized decision-making models, the paper deeply researches into the difference of supply chain system in economic benefits, environmental protection and social benefits, and a revenue sharing contract is applied to realize coordination between the manufacture and the retailer. The results show that the system of supply chain in centralized decision-making model is more efficient than that in decentralized decision-making model in economic benefits, environmental protection and social benefits, and the revenue sharing contract can coordinate the supply chain very well. Under two decision-making models, the products' eco-friendly level, return rate and profit of the node enterprise are positively correlated to the consumer environmental awareness, and negatively correlated to the price sensitivity as well as the cost parameter of green investment; the price is positively correlated to the scaling parameter of collecting and handling; return rate and profit of the node enterprise are negatively correlated, and products' eco-friendly level is irrelevant. 
Rotavirus Inner Capsid VP6 Acts as an Adjuvant in Formulations with Particulate Antigens Only. Novel adjuvants present a concern for adverse effects, generating a need for alternatives. Rotavirus inner capsid VP6 protein could be considered a potential candidate, due to its ability to self-assemble into highly immunogenic nanospheres and nanotubes. These nanostructures exhibit immunostimulatory properties, which resemble those of traditional adjuvants, promoting the uptake and immunogenicity of the co-administered antigens. We have previously elucidated an adjuvant effect of VP6 on co-delivered norovirus and coxsackievirus B1 virus-like particles, increasing humoral and cellular responses and sparing the dose of co-delivered antigens. This analysis explored an immunostimulatory effect of VP6 nanospheres on smaller antigens, P particles formed by protruding domain of a norovirus capsid protein and a short peptide, extracellular matrix protein (M2e) of influenza A virus. VP6 exhibited a notable improving impact on immune responses induced by P particles in immunized mice, including systemic and mucosal antibody and T cell responses. The adjuvant effect of VP6 nanospheres was comparable to the effect of alum, except for induction of superior mucosal and T cell responses when P particles were co-administered with VP6. However, unlike alum, VP6 did not influence M2e-specific immune responses, suggesting that the adjuvant effect of VP6 is dependent on the particulate nature of the co-administered antigen. 
The Economic Determinants of Bioenergy Trade Intensity in the EU-28: A Co-Integration Approach. This report examines the dynamic effect of the economic determinants on bilateral trade intensity of the European Union (EU) region's bioenergy industry outputs. The authors adopt the panel co-integration model approach to estimate annual trade intensity data of the EU-28 countries' bioenergy industry outputs from 1990 to 2013. This analysis investigated the long-term influence of the rate of real exchange, gross domestic product (GDP), and export price on the trade intensity of bioenergy industry applying fully modified oriented least square (FMOLS), dummy oriented least square (DOLS), and pooled mean group (PMG) models. In the current study, the findings boost the empirical validity of the panel co-integration model through FMOLS, indicating that depreciation has improved the trade intensity. This analysis has further investigated, through the causality test, a distinct set of countries. FMOLS estimation does find proof of the long run improvement of trade intensity. Thus, the result shows that the gross domestic product (GDP) and the real exchange rate have a positive and noteworthy influence on the EU-28 region trade intensity of the bioenergy industry. Moreover, the export price affects negatively and significantly the trade intensity of the bioenergy industry in the EU-28 countries. 
Where is the Risk Reward? The Impact of Volatility-Based Fund Classification on Performance. This report examines the impact of volatility-based fund classification on portfolio performance. Using historical data on equity indices, we find that a strategy based on long-term portfolio volatility, as is imposed by the Synthetic Risk Reward Indicator (SRRI), yields better Sharpe Ratios (SR) and Buy and Hold Returns (BHR) than passive investments. However, accounting for the Fama-French factors in the historical data reveals no significant alphas for the vast majority of the strategies. Further analyses conducted by running a simulation study based on a GJR(1,1)-model show no significant difference in mean returns, but significantly lower SRs for the volatility-based strategies. This evidence suggests that neither the higher leverage induced by the SRRI, nor the potential protection in downside markets pay off on a risk adjusted basis. 
Computer Model for Financial, Environmental and Risk Analysis of a Wind-Diesel Hybrid System with Compressed Air Energy Storage. Remote and isolated communities in Canada experience gaps in access to stable energy sources and must rely on diesel generators for heat and electricity. However, the cost and environmental impact resulting from the use of fossil fuels, especially in local energy production, heating, industrial processes and transportation are compelling reasons to support the development and deployment of renewable energy hybrid systems. This report presents a computer model for economic analysis and risk assessment of a wind-diesel hybrid system with compressed air energy storage. The proposed model is developed from the point of view of the project investor and it includes technical, financial, risk and environmental analysis. Robustness is evaluated through sensitivity analysis. The model has been validated by comparing the results of a wind-diesel case study against those obtained using HOMER (National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Golden, CO, United States) and RETScreen (Natural Resources Canada, Government of Canada, Canada) software. The impact on economic performance of adding energy storage system in a wind-diesel hybrid system has been discussed. The obtained results demonstrate the feasibility of such hybrid system as a suitable power generator in terms of high net present value and internal rate of return, low cost of energy, as well as low risk assessment. In addition, the environmental impact is positive since less fuel is used. 
UK Current Account Sustainability in the Post-Brexit Era: Insights from an Intertemporal Current Account Framework. British voters decided in a June 2016 referendum that they wanted the UK to leave the European Union (EU). The Brexit referendum result represents a critical turning point for the UK and the EU alike, and the decision to exit the bloc is bound to have far-reaching consequences. UK's persistent current account deficits and its outsized external assets and external liabilities reflect Britain's deep economic and financial integration with the European Single Market System, and highlight London's central role as Europe's financial capital. Unraveling of the symbiotic relationship between the UK and the EU will profoundly impact Britain's ability to entice foreign investors to fund its current account deficits. Using a rich intertemporal current account framework that incorporates valuation effects, this analysis examines the potential impact of Brexit on UK's current account sustainability and on UK's net foreign debt position. It argues that a "hard Brexit" outcome would imperil UK's ability to sustain current account deficits. UK's role as a gateway for non-EU states looking to invest inside EU, and the benefits enjoyed by UK-based financial institutions from the European "financial passport" system would both be endangered if UK is shutout of the European Single Market system. UK is bound to become far less attractive to foreign investors in such a scenario, and a rapid and painful current account deficit reduction is probable. On the other hand, the study shows that a "soft Brexit" outcome in conjunction with a sustained and orderly depreciation of the pound would actually improve UK's current account balance and its net foreign debt position. 
Consistency of Extended Nelson-Siegel Curve Families with the Ho-Lee and Hull and White Short Rate Models Keywords. Nelson and Siegel curves are widely used to fit the observed term structure of interest rates in a particular date. By the other hand, several interest rate models have been developed such their initial forward rate curve can be adjusted to any observed data, as the Ho-Lee and the Hull and White one factor models. In this work we study the evolution of the forward curve process for each of these models assuming that the initial curve is of Nelson-Siegel type. We conclude that the forward curve process produces curves belonging to a parametric family of curves that can be seen as extended Nelson and Siegel curves. We show that the forward rate curve evolution has a linear or an exponential growth, depending on the particular short rate interest model. We applied the results to Argentinian short and forward rates obtained from the Lebac's bills yields using the Hull and White short rate model, showing a good estimation of the observed forward rate curve for near dates when the initial forward curve is adjusted with a Nelson and Siegel one. 
980-2008: The Illusion of the Perpetual Money Machine and What It Bodes for the Future. We argue that the present crisis and stalling economy that have been ongoing since 2007 are rooted in the delusionary belief in policies based on a "perpetual money machine" type of thinking. We document strong evidence that, since the early 1980s, consumption has been increasingly funded by smaller savings, booming financial profits, wealth extracted from house price appreciation and explosive debt. This is in stark contrast with the productivity. 
The Causal Effects of Trade and Technology Transfer on Human Capital and Economic Growth in the United Arab Emirates. This research empirically investigates the causality between trade, technology, human capital and economic growth in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) over the period 1980-2016. To investigate the existence of a long-run relationship between the variables, this analysis performs the Johansen cointegration test, while the direction of the short-run causality is examined by applying the Granger causality test in a Vector Error Correction Model (VECM) framework. Moreover, a modified Wald test in an augmented Vector Autoregressive Model is applied in order to find the direction of the long-run causality. This research provides evidence to support a short-run bi-directional causality between primary imports and economic growth, while an indirect causality runs from manufactured imports and human capital to economic growth, through exports and primary imports. Empirical results do not provide evidence of either an Import-Led growth (ILG) or Export-Led Growth (ELG) hypothesis in the long-run, while no causality runs from primary imports, manufactured imports or exports to human capital. 
Corporate Social Responsibility and Mobile Telecommunication Competitiveness in Nigeria: The Case of MTN Nigeria. In Nigeria, the aftermath of the Niger Delta crises had spark off research interest on corporate social responsibility (CSR) and environmental sustainability. However, how telecommunication firms in Nigeria perceive and practice CSR and the link with competitive advantage is rarely investigated. This analysis examines the extent of relationship between CSR and mobile telecommunication competitive advantage. The survey design was adopted, making use of random sampling to select 200 participants from staff of MTN. Structured questionnaire was employed to collect relevant primary data and analysis was carried out through regression analysis and Chi-square technique. Results showed that except staff welfare, significant relationship existed between environmental awareness, community wellbeing and competitive advantage. To further enhance competitiveness, the firm's social responsibility to its workforce should be improved upon by introducing flexible working hours, facilitating work/life balance, ensuring prompt promotion, and considering internal advancement as a strategic option. 
Multivariate Functional Time Series Forecasting: Application to Age-Specific Mortality Rates. This analysis considers the forecasting of mortality rates in multiple populations. We propose a model that combines mortality forecasting and functional data analysis (FDA). Under the FDA framework, the mortality curve of each year is assumed to be a smooth function of age. As with most of the functional time series forecasting models, we rely on functional principal component analysis (FPCA) for dimension reduction and further choose a vector error correction model (VECM) to jointly forecast mortality rates in multiple populations. This model incorporates the merits of existing models in that it excludes some of the inherent randomness with the nonparametric smoothing from FDA, and also utilizes the correlation structures between the populations with the use of VECM in mortality models. A nonparametric bootstrap method is also introduced to construct interval forecasts. The usefulness of this model is demonstrated through a series of simulation studies and applications to the age-and sex-specific mortality rates in Switzerland and the Czech Republic. The point forecast errors of several forecasting methods are compared and interval scores are used to evaluate and compare the interval forecasts. Our model provides improved forecast accuracy in most cases. 
The impact of customer personality and online brand community engagement on intention to forward company and users generated content: palestinian banking industry a case The impact of customer personality and online brand community engagement on intention to forward company and users generated content: palestinian banking industry a case. Personality five characteristics are playing crucial role on intention to forward Online Company Generated Content and user generated content mediated by online brand community engagement. This report is applied on a case of banking industry in order to perceive a long run relationship between banks operating in Palestine and their customers. The total of 685 valid questionnaires were collected from online banking sector in Palestine, who is member of online brand community in Facebook. Moreover, the data were analysed and processed by structural equation model. The results reveal that personality traits (extraversion, conscientiousness, and openness) have positive influence on online brand community engagement. It also found that online brand community engagement plays vital role in inducing clients to forward CGC and UGC. Simultaneously, the results provide banks with a valuable implication on how banking industry can attract more customers in online brand community website and perceived trust of banks services and products. 
Effect of Species Complementarity on Financial Return in Mixed Stands of European Beech and Scots Pine in Northern Spain. The research on mixed-species forestry has rapidly increased in recent decades because there is a growing interest in these types of stands for environmental reasons. Their positive influence on ecosystem biodiversity, stability and resilience, as well as their role in the new challenge brought up by the adaptation to global change, have been the object of many research works. However, the economic implications of mixed-species forest management have not deserved the same attention. The objective of this work is to study the effect of species interactions on productivity, and to economically assess this effect. This research is focused on the analysis of financial return and risk in even aged mixed stands of Pinus sylvestris and Fagus sylvatica in Northern Spain. Growth and yield projections for monospecific and mixed stands of Scots pine and European beech were made by means of a previous model developed from a set of the Spanish National Forest Inventory plots in the region of Navarre. Data from yield tables for both species were used. The effect of species proportion on total stand yield was assessed and transgressive overyielding was found for some mixing ratios. A data series on average stumpage price for both species in Spain over a 29-year period was compiled and the joint probability distribution of price data was used to generate 500 price scenarios. Different management alternatives based on species proportion and rotation age were considered and evaluated in terms of profitability and risk. Some management recommendations can be derived from the results obtained, which point at an optimum mixing ratio from 30% to 40% Scots pine and 70% to 60% European beech. 
A Patulous Progress: International Entrepreneurship Effects on Chinese Born-Global Firm Performance. Using data from SMEs in Hubei province, the role of entrepreneurship in the sustainable performance of born global firms in China was discussed. The structural equation modeling analysis of 345 questionnaires indicates that both international knowledge and international entrepreneurial capability are significantly related to born global firms' performance. Dynamic capabilities, which includes three sub-dimensions: adaptation capability, absorption capability and innovation capability, was found to be less important to firm performance. Therefore, it may be argued that born global firms in inland China are still limited by resources, including those generated from the international knowledge needed to adapt to internal and external pressures. 
The Internal and External Resource Integration in Operation Process: A Case Study. Currently, competitions among companies are not competitions between single companies, but are competitions between networks. Hence, it is very important for companies to know how to establish an effective external resource management and coordination mechanism. Company A, has achieved the integration of resource in different industries and departments, integrating the resource of various levels to a large scale. Vertically, it integrated the regional and industry resource; horizontally, it integrated the resource from internal departments and related cooperative companies. This thesis analyzes different integration models in terms of resource integration provider, network services provider, innovation network. And furthermore we focus on Company A to reveal how to integrate internal and external recourses to achieve integration advantage. 
Article Sources of Economic Growth in Zambia. Most empirical work on sources of economic growth for different countries lack country-specific empirical evidence to guide policy choices in individual developing countries and previous studies of factor productivity tend to focus on the entire economy or a single sector. This provides fewer insights about a country's structural evolution. Unlike previous studies, our study builds on this by taking a more comprehensive approach in estimating Zambia's sources of economic growth by sectors-agriculture, industry, and service-in a systematic manner that yields insights into the country's sources of structural transformation. We use recently developed growth accounting tools to explicitly determine sources of economic growth at both national and sectoral levels in Zambia between 1970 and 2013. We use data from World Development Indicators and Zambia's Central Statistical Office. Results indicate that, on average, total factor productivity (TFP) contributes about 5. 7% to economic growth. Sectoral analysis shows that agriculture contributes the least to GDP and that, within each sector, factors that contribute to growth differ. Structural transformation has been slow and contributed to the observed inefficiency. We outline the implications of the observed growth and provide recommendations. 
Factors Affecting Entrepreneurship and Business Sustainability. Sustainability is becoming increasingly important for society, and the creation of business ventures is one area where sustainability is critical. We examined the factors affecting actions that are designed to foster business sustainability. These factors are related to the environment, behavior, human relations, and business activity. Based on questionnaire responses from experts, the Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) method was used to rank sustainable business criteria according to their importance for entrepreneurs starting sustainable businesses. The results indicate that the most important drivers of sustainable entrepreneurship are behavioral factors and business factors. Ethical principles and values, together with competitive intelligence, are crucial for undertaking actions that lead to sustainability. 
A Qualitative Study of E-Business Adoption in the Real Estate Sector in China. The purpose of this qualitative study is to investigate e-business adoption into real estate agencies in China. This research focuses on the advantages and disadvantages of IT/IS (Information Technology/Information Systems) integration through face to face interviews with property agency managers in Suzhou. Particularly, it looks into the real estate sector in China today and provides implications to improve service quality and stay competitive within local real estate agencies in Suzhou, China. The objective of this analysis is to show that e-business if properly deployed can improve the service quality and increase general performance of real estate agencies in China; also, to propose a few implications to bring to light the problems faced by real estate agents currently in China today. 
Measurement of Financial Protection: An Assessment of the Usefulness of the Catastrophic Health Expenditure Indicator to Monitor Progress Towards Universal Health Coverage. Ensuring financial protection (FP) against health expenditures is a key component of Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 3. 8, which aims to achieve Universal Health Coverage (UHC). While the proportion of households with catastrophic health expenditures exceeding a proportion of their total income or consumption has been adopted as the official SDG indicator, other approaches exist and it is unclear how useful the official indicator is in tracking progress toward the FP subtarget across countries and across time. This report evaluates the usefulness of the official SDG indicator to measure FP using the RACER framework and discusses how alternative indicators may improve upon the limitations of the official SDG indicator for global monitoring purposes. We find that while all FP indicators have some disadvantages, the official SDG indicator has some properties that severely limit its usefulness for global monitoring purposes. We recommend more research to understand how alternative indicators may enhance global monitoring, as well as improvements to the quality and quantity of underlying data to construct FP indicators in order to improve efforts to monitor progress toward UHC. 
Research of Work-Family Balance Based on Family Life Cycle. This analysis examined the effect of different stages of Chinese family life cycle on work-family balance and the moderating effect of gender by using a sample of 352 employees in China. Reference to scholars in the division of the family life cycle, the study of the family life cycle is divided into six stages. We predicted and found that the family life cycle is significantly different in the effect of work-family enrichment and conflict. 
The Impact of Superior Support on the Behaviors of Technology Innovators Inbiological Agricultural Industry. The study aims to explore how the superior support affects the behaviors of technology innovatorsin biological agricultural industry. Using 250 samples from biological agricultural industries, a hierarchical regression analysis is developed to examine the relationship. The research results show that the superior support has significant negative correlation with organizational silence and the superior support has significant positive correlation with innovative performance of technology innovators. 
Efficiency of Demand Shocks in Order to Reduce Current Account Imbalances in the EMU. With the current European sovereign public debt crisis and current account imbalances difficulties in the EMU, many papers now underline that the problem of the European construction is its lack of institutional framework and common economic governance necessary to make a monetary union viable. According to these papers, the solution would lie in a stronger economic cooperation, with the Northern European countries contributing to lighten the burden of the Southern debtor countries. In this context, our model shows that a symmetric positive demand shock in the EMU could only slightly reduce the external indebtedness of the Southern European countries but would efficiently reduce their public debt levels. To the contrary, an asymmetric positive demand shock in the creditor Northern European countries (e. g. , an increase in German wages) could reduce the current account deficits of the Southern European countries, in particular for countries with the highest openness to trade. Nevertheless, it would worsen the indebtedness levels, and it would also increase the recessionary risks in these countries. 
Social Business, Business as if People Mattered: Variations on a Theme by Schumacher (1973). Economic growth is promoted as the solution to enhance the standard of living of the third of the world's population living below the poverty line. Such growth, as measured by Gross Domestic Product (GDP), is unsustainable and predicated on increased production/consumption without sufficient consideration of what is consumed by whom. In essence this is because GDP is a mechanistic measure of quantity that ignores individual human welfare or quality-of-life. To rectify this, affluent consumers need to learn that materialism and selfish self-interest are unsustainable, whereas enlightened self-interest, as assumed by Adam Smith when promoting capitalism and free markets, will benefit everyone. "Social Business" and marketing are proposed as practices that will facilitate this transformation. 
RESEAR CH A RTIC LE Price Determinants of Performance-Tested Bulls over Time. We estimate the values of bull phenotypic traits, performance measurements, and expected progeny differences (EPDs) over time using bull sale data from an auction in Tennessee from 2006 to 2016. Moreover, we determine how a state partial-cost reimbursement program for bulls with certain EPDs affects bull sale price. Purebred seed stock producers in this region should focus on selling large, fastgrowing, mature bulls that produce lighter calves for reduced calving stress. The state cost-share payment did not significantly increase bull prices in most years, meaning this payment was retained by cow-calf producers in most years. 
0-1 Test for Chaos in a Fractional Order Financial System with Investment Incentive. A new integer-order chaotic financial system is extended by introducing a simple investment incentive into a three-dimensional chaotic financial system. A four-dimensional fractional-order chaotic financial system is presented by bringing fractional calculus into the new integer-order financial system. By using weighted integral thought, the fractional order derivative's economics meaning is given. The 0-1 test algorithm and the improved Adams-Bashforth-Moulton predictor-corrector scheme are employed to detect numerically the chaos in the proposed fractional order financial system. 
Evaluating the Effects of Carbon Prices on Trade-Offs between Carbon and Timber Management Objectives in Forest Spatial Harvest Scheduling Problems: A Case Study from Northeast China. To mitigate global climatic changes, long-term carbon trading and carbon taxes have been implemented in many countries. However, carbon prices have varied in many of these regions. Therefore, the goal of this report was to evaluate the effects of carbon prices on trade-offs between forest carbon and timber management objectives in spatial harvest scheduling problems. The objective function of the planning problem was designed to maximize the discounted net present value of harvested timber and the differences of carbon stocks in living tree biomass between the beginning and end of the planning horizon (DoC) within a 30-year time frame for a large forest region in northeast China. The constraints primarily related to maintaining an even flow of harvested timber and guaranteeing the maximum opening size. Forest developments were simulated using a set of standard stand-level growth and yield models, and the solutions of the planning problem were generated using the standard version of a simulated annealing algorithm. The effects of a wide range of carbon prices on the harvested timber and DoC levels were examined. The results showed that the trade-offs between forest harvested timber and the DoC displayed a typical nonlinear tendency as carbon prices increased. The current carbon prices (i. e. , 25, 50 and 75 Y=/ton) in China had no significant effects on the optimal forest management plans compared with a scenario that used a carbon price of zero. The minimum carbon price that can provide the financial incentive for the forests to function as a significant carbon sink was estimated to be somewhat over 800 Y=/ton. This result could be useful in determining the appropriate carbon offset standard in this region. 
Evaluation of Prescription Adaptation Following Changes to A Provincial Drug Insurance Formulary. On 1 December 2016, British Columbia's (BC) provincial drug insurance program changed which medications in certain classes would benefit under the insurance program in an attempt to reduce expenditure. As part of the modernization, HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors (Statins), Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEI), angiotensin receptor blockers (ARB), and dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers (CCB) were affected. Prescribers and pharmacists had six months to discuss the changes with patients, and change medications if deemed necessary. Purpose: To quantify the changes made to prescriptions and to adjust to the Modernized Reference Drug Program. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted at two clinics in Prince George, BC. Charts for patients that were prescribed any drugs in the affected classes were reviewed to determine if, and when, they had been changed, and by which health care professional. In December 2016, a clinical pharmacist, integrated within the study clinics, informed prescribers of the changes, and made patient-specific clinical notes within the charts. The notes described the changes and recommended alternative agents and appropriate dosing in order to assist the prescriber to have a conversation with the patient regarding the switch. Results: Out of 429 unique patients, 233 patients were prescribed a Statin, 229 patients an ACEI, 110 an ARB and, 83 a CCB. Sixty-five drug changes were indicated to reflect the modernization, and with guidance from a clinical pharmacist, nurse practitioners (NPs), and family physicians (FPs), 65% of these identified drugs were switched to reflect the modernization. Community pharmacists made no drug changes in the study sample, despite the prescriptive authority and compensation available to do so. Province-wide, approximately 21% to 33% of affected drugs were switched during the same time-frame. Direct collaboration between a clinical pharmacist, working alongside NPs and FPs, was more successful in optimizing these medications when compared to standard practice, or community pharmacists alone. 
Predicting Corporate Financial Sustainability Using Novel Business Analytics. Measuring and managing the financial sustainability of the borrowers is crucial to financial institutions for their risk management. As a result, building an effective corporate financial distress prediction model has been an important research topic for a long time. Recently, researchers are exerting themselves to improve the accuracy of financial distress prediction models by applying various business analytics approaches including statistical and artificial intelligence methods. Among them, support vector machines (SVMs) are becoming popular. SVMs require only small training samples and have little possibility of overfitting if model parameters are properly tuned. Nonetheless, SVMs generally show high prediction accuracy since it can deal with complex nonlinear patterns. Despite of these advantages, SVMs are often criticized because their architectural factors are determined by heuristics, such as the parameters of a kernel function and the subsets of appropriate features and instances. In this analysis, we propose globally optimized SVMs, denoted by GOSVM, a novel hybrid SVM model designed to optimize feature selection, instance selection, and kernel parameters altogether. This analysis introduces genetic algorithm (GA) in order to simultaneously optimize multiple heterogeneous design factors of SVMs. Our study applies the proposed model to the real-world case for predicting financial distress. Experiments show that the proposed model significantly improves the prediction accuracy of conventional SVMs. 
Convergence of the Unmanned Aerial Industry. Industry convergence-the merger of previously unrelated industries-is a model that has had a strong influence on various industries and received substantial attention among practitioners over the past years. Despite this, industry convergence has received little attention in the field of unmanned aircraft. As the unmanned aircraft industry is still in the infancy stage, exploring the industrial status may contribute to the technology's body of knowledge and may be useful for entrepreneurial decision making. Thus, this research paper investigates the degree to which the unmanned aerial vehicle sector represents an example of industry convergence and predicts the consequences built upon it. The investigation is based on the convergence theory and evidence from the unmanned aerial systems industry is provided to support theoretical foundations. Conclusions show that unmanned aerial technology is converged to an undefined extent and the author calls for further related empirical research. 
Risk and Financial Management The Nexus between Social Capital and Bank Risk Taking. This analysis explores social capital and its relevance to bank risk taking across countries. Our empirical results show that the levels of bank risk taking are lower in countries with higher levels of social capital, and that the impact of social capital is mainly reflected by the reduced value of the standard deviation of return on assets. Moreover, the impact of social capital is found to be weaker when the legal system lacks strength. Furthermore, the study considers the impacts of social capital of the banks' largest shareholders in these countries and finds that high levels of social capital present in these countries exert a negative effect on bank risk taking, but the effect is not strongly significant. 
Circular Business Models for the Bio-Economy: A Review and New Directions for Future Research. Circular and bio-economy represents a political and industrial initiative to ensure that our society can rely on renewable biological sources while achieving economic growth. However, there is a need to critical review how realistic and feasible such initiatives are towards fulfilling the promised benefits of this economy. The literature on bio-economy often discusses the importance of innovative business models and their role in a successful shift to a bio-economy. Still, much of the discussion that is related to circular business models is fragmented and immature. Therefore, the purpose of this analysis is to conduct a systematic literature review of circular business model activities and the barriers to a bio-economy. Further, this review provides future research directions for a shift to a bio-economy. This analysis is based on a systematic review of 42 scientific journal articles and book chapters on a forest-based bio-economy. The business model canvas is used to provide a structured aggregation of the existing circular business models activities being used by the forestry sector. In addition, we develop a framework that describes the barriers to bio-economy-based circular business models and suggest new directions for future research. The study highlights the need for alignment among the elements of a business model as a key condition for its successful implementation in a bio-economy. 
Economics of Obesity -Learning from the Past to Contribute to a Better Future. The discipline of economics plays a varied role in informing the understanding of the problem of obesity and the impact of different interventions aimed at addressing it. This report discusses the causes of the obesity epidemic from an economics perspective, and outlines various justifications for government intervention in this area. The paper then focuses on the potential contribution of health economics in supporting resource allocation decision making for obesity prevention/treatment. Although economic evaluations of single interventions provide useful information, evaluations undertaken as part of a priority setting exercise provide the greatest scope for influencing decision making. A review of several priority setting examples in obesity prevention/treatment indicates that policy (as compared with program-based) interventions, targeted at prevention (as compared with treatment) and focused "upstream" on the food environment, are likely to be the most cost-effective options for change. However, in order to further support decision makers, several methodological advances are required. These include the incorporation of intervention costs/benefits outside the health sector, the addressing of equity impacts, and the increased engagement of decision makers in the priority setting process. 
Early Childhood Care in France: Impediments to the Professionalization of a Little-Institutionalized Feminine Occupation. In the early-childhood care sector, the occupation of home-based childcare providers is especially subject to the familialist paradigm that assigns women from modest backgrounds with little formal education to this almost exclusively feminine line of work. This analysis focuses more specifically on homebased childcare providers working in rural and suburban areas, spaces that are marked by isolation and a lack of interlocutors. There are many limitations to the occupation's professionalization model (Aballea, 2005;Alberola, 2009). After providing an overview of the institutional norm of nursery school as it contrasts with the informal situation of home-based childcare, analysis shifts to three obstacles to expressing demand for training that are indices of low professionalization: the place and space of work, little social and familial arrangements, and work skills. Finally, in counterpoint, the article explores the role of the employment contract with parents in formalizing a feminine occupation that is still seen as a customary familial service (Dupraz, 2008). standards 1 specify the occupation's content, hourly rates, and responsibility levels, all according to frameworks overseen by the health ministry's service for the protection of mothers and children. This historical supervision has emphasized care-related priorities from the beginning, establishing early childhood work in the care sector [1] [2], which is not without consequences on the naturalization of aptitudes as gendered abilities. The familialist paradigm thus assigns women to these jobs while thwarting the institutionalization of occupations in the sector by keeping a significant share of female childcare providers in the supply pool for preschool childcare. 
Portuguese Women: Entrepreneurs in Sao Paulo City. This report presents the trajectory of Portuguese female immigrants who came to the city of Sao Paulo in the last two decades of 20th century and records their surviving strategies, initially looking for work and subsequently as entrepreneurs in their own business: restaurants, travel agency, fado singer, and others. Its primary aim is to identify, from their narratives, the entrepreneurship level of these women and the capital stock equity of their ownership, use, and from which they could be able to develop over four decades living in this huge metropolis. In this context, it is also sought the way social networks supporting their arrival were accessed during their period adapting to the city and on performing their business ventures. The analytical and interpretative path from the face to face interviews with these Portuguese immigrants allows us to conclude that social capital is an extremely relevant resource to entrepreneurship. 
Recent transition of medical cost and relapse rate of multiple sclerosis in Japan based on analysis of a health insurance claims database CURRENT STATUS: ACCEPTED SUBJECT AREAS 2 Internal Medicine Specialties. Background In this analysis, we aimed to understand the trends in total and itemized medical expenses, especially of disease-modifying therapy (DMT), for multiple sclerosis (MS) in Japan through an analysis of health insurance claims data. Methods We analyzed a database containing health insurance claims data from hospitals that have adopted the Diagnosis Procedure Combination/Per-Diem Payment System in Japan. According to an algorithm based on diagnosis codes, data for all patients diagnosed with MS from April 2008 to July 2016 were extracted. Medical costs, rate of each medical treatment, and rate of relapses were analyzed by calendar-year. Medical costs in the month of relapse were compared with average medical costs per month of all MS patients by a cross-sectional analysis. Results 4,374 MS patients were identified in the database. Total medical cost per patient per month (PPPM) increased from \87,640 (US$787. 7 or EUR723. 0 as of May 2017) to \102,846 (US$924. 4 or EUR848. 4) during the study period. This increment was mainly attributed to the growth in cost of outpatient DMT prescriptions, which increased from \23,039 (US$207. 1 or EUR190. 1) to \51,351 (US$461. 5 or EUR423. 6). In contrast, the rate of hospitalizations and relapses PPPM decreased during the study period (from 0. 053 to 0. 030, and 0. 032 to 0. 019, respectively). Medical costs in the month of relapse (\424,661, US$3816. 8 or EUR3503. 1) were 3. 57 times higher than the average monthly costs for all MS patients (\119,021, US$1069. 8 or EUR981. 8), with the majority comprising hospitalization cost. 
Spillover Effects of Budgetary Policies in Monetary Union: The Case of WAEMU. With the help of a vector model for dynamic panel error correction (PVEC), this article examines the extent to which a country's policy shocks spread to the economic activity of other countries in the West African Economic and Monetary Union (WAEMU). The results of one part, the emergence of externalities that cause asymmetric shocks and another part, the public expenditure shocks induce greater spillover effects on economic growth than public revenue shocks. Both results imply the structural heterogeneity of economies, leading to an uneven distribution of the benefits and costs of a common monetary policy. Therefore, corrective measures can be applied, through a real policy mix, which can reduce the risks of instability related to budgetary externalities. 
On Market Share Drivers in the Swiss Mandatory Health Insurance Sector. In the mandatory health insurance market in Switzerland, a range of insurers offer policies that differ in characteristics like premium and service level while benefits are the same and regulated by law. In this report, we give an overview of the market and analyse the relationship between insurers' characteristics and the evolution of their market shares. Indeed, in view of substantial differences between the players, the risk that policyholders change their provider is important. We develop a linear model with two-sided lognormally distributed errors and use publicly available data on the Swiss mandatory health insurance market for the years from 2002 to 2015. Thereby we identify and quantify the main drivers for the policyholders' switching behavior that reflect in changes in market shares. The results suggest that market share changes are particularly linked to the difference between an insurer's premium and the overall market premium. In addition, the difference to the previous year's premium also has an impact on the market share while the service level as well as the group affiliation of a provider turn out not be significant in explaining annual market share changes. 
Does behavioural theory explain return-implied volatility relationship? Evidence from India. The study investigates whether behavioural theory is a superior explanation for short-term return-volatility relationship than traditional leverage and volatility feedback hypotheses. Using VAR and quantile regression frameworks, the study shows that behavioural theory explains the relationship better than the leverage and feedback hypotheses. The study supports that behavioural biases (representative, affect, extrapolation heuristics, etc. ) exist among market participants, and these biases cause India Volatility Index (India VIX) to be an efficient hedge for extreme negative market movements. 
Research on Logistics Value Chain Analysis and Competitiveness Construction for Express Enterprises *. Through analyzing the value of the activities in the process of express delivery, the model of logistics value chain analysis (LVCA) of express enterprises is constructed. Using the model, the express enterprises can identify the key activities from the whole process of express delivery from senders to receivers, and those key activities constitute the logistics competitiveness of express enterprises. Then a model of logistics competitiveness is established, which includes four aspects: strategic location, network optimization, value-added services and performance measures. Those four aspects form the core logistics competitiveness for express enterprises. 
Investigation of the Impact of Quality, Openness and Reputation of Massive Open Online Courses MOOCs on an Individual's Satisfaction and Performance. Purpose of the Study: The research objective is to explore the important characteristics of MOOCs that impact an individual user's satisfaction and his/her performance. There is a paucity of understanding if the MOOCs affect the individual performance and what are the various characteristics of MOOCs that determine the same. Therefore, it is important to understand the success of MOOC platform from the user's performance perspective. Data/Methodology: Structural equation modelling was used to analyze the data. The instrument or the questionnaire for the study was developed by adapting scales from previous researchers to the Indian context. After the development of the questionnaire, the same was administered to the respondents using systematic sample design. Findings: The study found that Information Quality, System Quality and Openness impacts the satisfaction of the user on MOOC platform and further enhances his/her performance. The results of the study provide important insights to the MOOC platforms in identifying the Indian user's perspective. The MOOC platforms need to focus on System, Information Quality and Openness to make their course attractive from Indian user's perspective. Originality: There is a paucity of understanding if the MOOCs affect the individual performance and what are the various characteristics of MOOCs that determine the same. It is one of few studies to investigate the quality aspects of the MOOCs from an Indian user's perspective. 
On the Moments and the Distribution of Aggregate Discounted Claims in a Markovian Environment. This report studies the moments and the distribution of the aggregate discounted claims (ADCs) in a Markovian environment, where the claim arrivals, claim amounts, and forces of interest (for discounting) are influenced by an underlying Markov process. Specifically, we assume that claims occur according to a Markovian arrival process (MAP). The paper shows that the vector of joint Laplace transforms of the ADC occurring in each state of the environment process by any specific time satisfies a matrix-form first-order partial differential equation, through which a recursive formula is derived for the moments of the ADC occurring in certain states (a subset). We also study two types of covariances of the ADC occurring in any two subsets of the state space and with two different time lengths. The distribution of the ADC occurring in certain states by any specific time is also investigated. Numerical results are also presented for a two-state Markov-modulated model case. 
Economic Reforms, Labour Markets and Formal Sector Employment: Evidence from India. Development economists generally concur that the implications of economic reform for employment are influenced by an economy's institutional framework. This report examines the extent to which differences in regional labour market flexibility shaped the impact of unanticipated economic reforms on employment in formal manufacturing firms in India in the 1990s, using pooled cross-sectional firm survey data. It employs a difference-in-differences strategy for this analysis and finds that, on average and ceteris paribus in the 1990-1997 period, declines in input tariffs were associated with increased employment in formal firms across all Indian states, while FDI reform was associated with increased (reduced) formal firm employment in states with flexible (inflexible) labour markets. Supporting analysis indicates that these results were underpinned, at least in part, by product market competition within the formal sector. As policy makers in developing economies increasingly emphasise increases in formal employment as a key policy objective, these findings are of general interest. They underline the relevance of market structure and geographical variation in institutional characteristics to a study of the effects of economic reform. Furthermore, this report highlights the continuing relevance of formal sector analysis, notwithstanding the persistent primacy of informal enterprises in developing economies. 
An integrated Multi-Criteria Decision Making Model for Sustainability Performance Assessment for Insurance Companies. To stay competitive in a business environment, continuous performance evaluation based on the triple bottom line standard of sustainability is necessary. There is a gap in addressing the computational expense caused by increased decision units due to increasing the performance evaluation indices to more accuracy in the evaluation. We successfully addressed these two gaps through (1) using principal component analysis (PCA) to cut the number of evaluation indices, and (2) since PCA itself has the problem of merely using the data distribution without considering the domain-related knowledge, we utilized Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) to rank the indices through the expert's domain-related knowledge. We propose an integrated approach for sustainability performance assessment in qualitative and quantitative perspectives. Fourteen insurance companies were evaluated using eight economic, three environmental, and four social indices. The indices were ranked by expert judgment though an analytical hierarchy process as subjective weighting, and then principal component analysis as objective weighting was used to reduce the number of indices. The obtained principal components were then used as variables in the data envelopment analysis model. So, subjective and objective evaluations were integrated. Finally, for validating the results, Spearman and Kendall's Tau correlation tests were used. The results show that Dana, Razi, and Dey had the best sustainability performance. 
Managing Social Security Data in the Web 2. 0 Era. Social security data management is an important topic both in application of information management and in social security management. In the Web 2. 0 era, more and more human information and healthcare information is released to the Internet through various approaches. This abundance makes managing social security data go beyond managing conventional social security database records. How to organize the conventional records together with the related information gathered from the Web is an interesting problem to solve to provide more convenient and powerful social security information service. In this report, we introduce our initial work on building a Web-oriented social security information system named i-SSIS. I-SSIS is a database system which adopts a new object-role data model named INM model and deploys INM database system as its core. With the assistance of auxiliary tools to carry out social security information extraction, analyzing and query, i-SSIS can properly provide social security-related information gathered from the Web. We introduce the basic ideas of designing i-SSIS and describe the architecture and major components of the system. 
Analysis of intra-country virtual water trade strategy to alleviate water scarcity in Iran ETH Library Hydrology and Earth System Analysis of intra-country virtual water trade strategy to alleviate water scarcity in Iran. Increasing water scarcity has posed a major constraint to sustain food production in many parts of the world. To study the situation at the regional level, we took Iran as an example and analyzed how an intra-country "virtual water trade strategy" (VWTS) may help improve cereal production as well as alleviate the water scarcity problem. This strategy calls, in part, for the adjustment of the structure of cropping pattern (ASCP) and interregional food trade where crop yield and crop water productivity as well as local economic and social conditions are taken into account. We constructed a systematic framework to assess ASCP at the provincial level under various driving forces and constraints. A mixedinteger, multi-objective, linear optimization model was developed and solved by linear programming. Data from 1990-2004 were used to account for yearly fluctuations of water availability and food production. Five scenarios were designed aimed at maximizing the national cereal production while meeting certain levels of wheat self-sufficiency under various water and land constraints in individual provinces. The results show that under the baseline scenario, which assumes a continuation of the existing water use and food policy at the national level, some ASCP scenarios could produce more wheat with less water. Based on different scenarios in ASCP, we calculated that 31% to 100% of the total wheat shortage in the deficit provinces could be supplied by the wheat surplus provinces. As a result, wheat deficit provinces would receive 3. 5 billion m 3 to 5. 5 billion m 3 of virtual water by importing wheat from surplus provinces. 
Liquidity Ratios of Polish Commercial Banks # # # #. As liquidity problems of some banks during global financial crisis reemphasized, liquidity is very important for functioning of financial markets and the banking sector. The aim of this report is therefore to evaluate comprehensively the liquidity positions of Polish commercial banks via five different liquidity ratios in the period of 2001-2011 and to find out whether the strategy for liquidity management differs by the size of the bank. The results enable us to conclude that liquidity of Polish banks has decreased in recent years, partly as a result of higher lending activity but mainly due to the financial crisis. Almost all Polish banks are sensitive to potential massive deposit withdrawals. Only some banks finance their lending activity by deposits; most banks are dependent on other sources of finance. Large and medium sized banks rely on the interbank market or on a liquidity assistance of the Lender of Last Resort, small banks hold buffer of liquid assets. 
A Study of Key Audit Matters Disclosure. With the continuous development of the capital market, the quality requirements for the audit reports of listed companies are becoming stricter and stricter. On December 23, 2016, China officially released the auditing standards of China certified public accountants no. 1504-communicating key audit matters in audit reports. Listed companies listed on A + H shares implemented the new standards in their financial reports from January 1, 2017, and fully implemented standard 1504 from January 1, 2018. Under the new standards, the audit reports of listed companies disclose the key audit matters that have significant impact during the current audit process. This report studies the format, content and quantity of disclosure of key audit matters, and analyzes the disclosure of key audit matters of China's A-share listed companies from 2016 to 2018 and summarizes the impact of disclosure of key audit matters from three aspects: users of financial reports, auditors and the audited entity. 
Assessment of Business Risk and Control Risk in the Libyan Context. In order to perform risk assessment, current auditing standards emphasize the importance of auditors gaining a broader understanding of an organization, as well as its environment. From this perspective, Schultz Jr. (2010) stated that auditing standards direct auditors to consider business risk and other risk factors when they evaluated the overall risk of material misstatement during the planning stage of an audit [1]. This report reviews the developments in relevant professional and academic literature in terms of client's business risk assessment. The model of the current study incorporates some 28 factors viewed as potential influence on client's business risk and control risk assessment. Attention is also directed to the degree of risk associated with the factors. Predictions of Libyan auditors' behaviour are drawn from the model and the reviewed literature. 
Loan Portfolio Quality of Microfinance Institutions in Uganda: A Qualitative Assessment. The primary purpose of this analysis was to examine the loan portfolio quality of Uganda's Microfinance institutions. Specifically, the study investigated respondents' perception of capital structure, cost of capital, credit risk management, and quality of clientele base and their impact on loan portfolio quality. The study adopted an exploratory research design. The point of saturation was achieved after 16 managers (10 credit managers and 6 senior managers) were interviewed. Data were analyzed using content analysis techniques with the aid of NVivo version 12 software, and verbatism tests were used to explain the emergent themes. The findings indicate that capital structure was perceived as internal and external funding, cost of capital was perceived as pricing of funds, credit risk management was perceived as client/borrower engagement, quality of clientele base was perceived as social capital and loan portfolio quality was perceived as repayment. The findings suggested that funding, pricing of funds, client/borrower engagement, and social capital influence loan repayment. The study recommends that MFIs should source for affordable lines of credit, employ competent staff, ensure due diligence, further financial education, and ensure client sensitization. The study confirmed the relevance of the Modern Portfolio Theory in explaining loan portfolio quality. Future studies could investigate the loan portfolio quality of Microfinance Institutions in Sub Saharan Africa to find out whether the results would be similar. 
Multi-Name Extension to the Credit Grades and an Efficient Monte Carlo Method. In this report, we present a multi-name incomplete information structural model which possess the contagion mechanism and its efficient Monte Carlo algorithm based on Interacting Particle System. Along with the Credit Grades, which is industrially used single-name credit model, we suppose that investors can observe firm values and defaults but are not informed of the threshold level at which a firm is deemed to default. Additionally, in order to model the possibility of crisis normalization, we introduce the concept of memory period after default. During the memory period after a default, public investors remember when the previous default occurred and directly reflect that information for updating their belief. When the memory period after a default finish, investors forget about that default and shift their interest to recent defaults if exist. One of the variance reduction techniques, relying upon Interacting Particle System, is combined with the standard Monte Carlo method to address the rare but critical events represented by the tail of loss distribution of portfolio. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Real Estate Risk Analysis: The Case of Caserma Garibaldi in Milan. The global economic crisis and deep financialization processes recently suffered by the real estate market have exposed the latter to further and greater risks. Against this, the importance of real estate risk management has noticeably grown within the dynamics of both markets, real estate and finance. Therefore, the aim of this report is to develop a comprehensive tool for the risk rating that will consider both the systematic and idiosyncratic risks possibly incurred during a real estate operation, in order to deliver their actual magnitude. It will be composed of 33 criteria whose weights are determined through the application of an analytic hierarchic process on a panel of market operators. This tool is primarily addressed to investors since it allows making strategic decisions while being supported by an analytical procedure that also ensures transparency of the conduct for the rating. An application of the presented tool within the decision-making procedure of the re-functionalization of a former barracks in Milan's city center is then described; this case study will also constitute an opportunity to highlight the strong relationship that occurs between the profitability of an operation and the risk incurred. 
Entropy of Reissner-Nordstrom 3D Black Hole in Roegenian Economics. The subject of this report is to analyse the Mathematical Principia of Economic 3D Black Holes in Roegenian economics. In detail, we study two main problems: (i) mathematical origin of economic 3D black holes; and (ii) entropy and internal political stability depending on national income and the total investment, for economic Reissner-Nordstrom (RN) 3D black hole. To solve these problems, it was necessary to jump from macroeconomic side to microeconomic side (a substantial approach as they are so different), to complete the thermodynamics-economics dictionary with new entities, and to introduce the flow between two macroeconomic systems. The main contribution is about introducing and studying the Schwarzschild-type metric on an economic 4D system, together with Rindler coordinates, Einstein 4D partial differential equations (PDEs), and economic RN 3D black holes. In addition, we introduce some economic Ricci type flows or waves, for further research. 
Research on Mobile Marketing Strategy Based on SICAS Model-A Case Study of Yili Group. With the rapid development of mobile communication and electronic technology, the Internet with mobile device has become the most popular way for people to access. Mobile marketing came into being with a distinctive mark. From the perspective of SICAS model, this report analyzed the concept and status of mobile marketing, and the marketing case of traditional dairy products brand Yili group. Based on literature research, data analysis and field research, this report comes to the following conclusions for the enterprises: 1) Ad content optimization; 2) Ad technology optimization; 3) Communication optimization; 4) Ad placement optimization. This analysis provides a new perspective on the marketing of mobile Internet. 
Research on Effects of Basic Pension Scheme on Household Debt Behavior. The current scale of debt of Chinese families has expanded rapidly in recent years. This article discusses the macro factors influencing household debt-basic pension insurance and verifies their relationship. Based on the micro-data of the 2014 China Family Tracking Survey, this report analyzes the impact of China's basic endowment insurance on household debt behavior. Using Tobit model regression, it is found that the basic pension insurance has significant positive effects on household debt level under the overall sample. Further sub-sample research on the heterogeneity characteristics of families shows, the positive correlation between basic pension insurance and household debt ratio exists in rural households and high-income families. At last, the above conclusions were confirmed by IV-Tobit regression using the average contribution rate and the institutional dependency ratio of the province where the family is located as an instrumental variable. This shows that although the increase in social security coverage has enhanced the family's ability to counter risk, it also needs to prevent the negative externalities brought about by excessive debt of residents. 
Establishing Multicultural-Oriented Teacher Education System: An Empirical Research on Cultural Conflicts between Teachers and Students in Tibet. This analysis aimed at gaining an in-depth knowledge of cultural conflicts between Han and Tibetan teachers, between teachers and students in Tibetan Autonomous Region, then discussed and analyzed the reasons for that, and finally attempted to solve the issue by establishing culture-oriented teacher education system. This analysis chose Dazi Junior Middle School as the case empirical study. Data for this analysis were gathered through interviews, participant observations, questionnaire surveys and document analysis, to analyze the cultural conflicts and its reasons. Findings suggest that teachers are "professionals" as well as "cultural workers", also teacher cultural buildings and works. The mission of teacher education is to preserve and establish the ecology of the cultural development of teachers to promote teacher's self-development in the interaction of self-being and self-making culture. Therefore, Teacher education system based on multi culture in ethnic minority regions should be established to realize multi-cultural harmonious symbiosis. 410 so an autonomous region where there coexist multi-religions, including Tibetan Buddhism, Islam and Catholicism. This multi-ethnic, multi-religious harmony has formed its particular multi culture. Culture is the whole meaning of people living and indispensable to everyone in life [1]. It is the culture to bring people together, namely ideas and principles they shared [2]. Culture isn't designed according to the rationality, but long and complex historical product, so every culture contains contradiction and invalidity [3]. As the main form of transmission and continuation of culture and an integral part of social and cultural process, education "inherits culture to be coherent history and to become the starting point of creating a new culture for everyone [4]". The task of inheriting and carrying forward the traditional multi culture in Tibet naturally falls onto Tibet's education. The educators of Tibet's education play its important role as a bridge. "Han Teachers to Tibet" is one of the national education policies. The Han teachers, who are in other culture environment, and Tibetan teachers and students with the Tibetan cultural characteristics constitute a multi-cultural field, which also brings the multicultural conflicts. Some researchers believe that cultural conflict refers to the different cultures and subcultures under the same cultural system repel each other and deny each other [5]. According to the analysis of existing research results, there are three main kinds of common way of thinking to study the conflicts between teachers and students, which are: first is the analysis of the pedagogy; second is the psychological analysis; third is the sociological analysis [6]. 
Empirical and Normative Economics: A Game Theoretic Approach. An important problem in public finance is the interaction of public finance with private finance-particularly when private financial markets crash, then bank runs occur, and a central bank needs to bail out the banks to prevent an economic depression. Historically, private financial markets have periodically crashed (financial bubbles); and then public finance (central bank reserves) have sometimes bailed out banks, to prevent a depression. The reason this pattern (of a lack of regulation to prevent financial bubbles, but then bailing out banks) has historically recurred has been the use of an idealized economic theory of "perfect market"-used in economic policy to avoid appropriate regulation of a financial market. In this research, we formulate a "game-theoretic approach" to include financial regulation as an explicit part of the model of a financial market. Future research direction from this game approach can extend the traditional "endogenous economic theory of markets" into an empirical modeling technique-which can ground economic theory in the real history of market instabilities. 
Global Agricultural Trade Pattern in A Warming World: Regional Realities. Global warming, coupled with disparate national population growth projections, could exert significant pressure on food prices, increasing the risk of food insecurity, particularly for net-importing countries. We investigated projected eventualities for a comprehensive set of 133 countries by the year 2030, and identified changes in the global agricultural crop trading pattern, with simulations from a multi-regional computable general equilibrium (CGE) model. We based our model on population growth and temperature scenarios, as per the IPCC fifth assessment report (AR5). Our simulations suggest an increase of 4. 9% and 6. 4% in global average prices and aggregate export crop volumes, respectively. This global exports expansion requires an increased 4. 46% in current global aggregate crop output, since population growth raises demand, and thus, global average crop prices, further aggravating net importing countries' financial burdens for food acquisition. Conversely, net exporting countries will fare better in the projected scenario due to increased agricultural income, as they are able to increase crop exports to meet the rising global demand and price. The gap in global income distribution widens, given that the majority of developing countries are coincidently located in tropical zones which are projected to experience negative crop yield shocks, while industrialized countries are located in cold and temperate zones projected to have favorable crop yield changes. National and international policy measures aimed at effectively alleviating net importing countries' food security issues should also consider how global crop yields are geographically and diversely impacted by climate change. 
SPATIAL INTEGRATION OF AGRICULTURAL COMMODITY MARKETS -METHODOLOGICAL PROBLEMS. The degree of integration of spatial markets is one of the most important determinants of economic welfare. However, the proper definition of this concept and the selection of appropriate methods of its analysis are important. Hence, the purpose of this analysis is to compare and evaluate methodical concepts for measuring the phenomenon of spatial integration of agricultural commodity markets. Based on the literature review, the theoretical premises and definitions of the integration of commodity markets were presented in the paper, followed by the most important methods for assessing the market spatial integration. When discussing them, attention was drawn to their characteristics in relation to theoretical concepts and to the possibility of their practical application on commodity agricultural markets in the light of available statistical information. The assessment of spatial integration can be based on price information, trade costs and trade flows. In the light of the studies conducted, it can be concluded that not all approaches used by researchers are justified in the theoretical foundations of spatial integration of markets. The main barriers to the practical verification of the occurrence, strength and changes in the spatial integration of agricultural commodity markets include the lack of full homogeneity of goods and difficulties in estimating the costs of trade. 
A Keynesian Model of a Small Open Economy under a Flexible Exchange Rate. This article considers the international diffusion of business cycles on the basis of a rigorous dynamic microeconomic foundation. The seminal work of Laursen and Metzler [1] suggests that the employment-isolation effect under the flexible exchange rate system is imperfect even if international capital mobility is completely prohibited. Assuming a small country model rather than the two-country model of Laursen and Metzler [1], we obtain the following results. 1) The business fluctuation of the world economy diffuses to the small country through a change in the inflation rate caused by the change in the real exchange rate. In this sense, the employment isolation is imperfect; 2) Domestic monetary expansion has only an effect weaker than that of Mundell [2]-Fleming [3]. This is because a monetary expansion, which always accompanies a fiscal expansion, raises the current domestic price and lowers the inflation rate as long as the purchasing power of money (the inverse of future price) is kept intact. Such disinflation reduces the consumption demand in addition reducing the expansionary multiplier effect. 
The Parent Firms' Reverse Spillovers of China's Production-Oriented OFDI Enterprises: Evidence from Chinese Manufacturing Enterprises. In recent years, the rise of Chinese investments follows the provisions of the "Going Out" strategy. Whether this local production foreign direct investment has a positive role in reverse spillovers to the parent company? Does the theme of the "Industry hollow" which has been caused great attention really existence? In this report, we analyzed the reverse spillover of local production outward foreign direct investment (OFDI) using firm-level data from Chinese industrial enterprises in the period of 2000 to 2011. We will separately analyze the problem from productivity, exports and the scale of production. Combining with the method of propensity score matching and difference in difference estimator, we find that the productivity, the scale of production, and the export have all significantly improved no matter which data sample we use. In general, the local production of OFDI has a positive effect on the parent company; the Chinese government should encourage the enterprises to go out. 
Production in General Equilibrium with Incomplete Financial Markets. This report considers a general equilibrium model with incomplete financial markets where production sets depend on the financial decisions of the firms. In the short run, firms make financial choices in order to build up production capacity. Given production capacity firms make profit maximizing production decisions in period two. We provide the conditions of existence of equilibria. 
Evaluation of Anti-Tumor Effects of Whole-Body Low-Dose Irradiation in Metastatic Mouse Models. Low-dose irradiation (LDI) has recently been shown to have various beneficial effects on human health, such as on cellular metabolic activities, DNA repair, antioxidant activity, homeostasis potency, and immune activation. Although studies on the immunogenic effects of LDI are rapidly accumulating, clinical trials for cancer treatment are considered premature owing to the lack of available preclinical results and protocols. Here, we aim to investigate anti-tumor and anti-metastatic effects of whole-body LDI in several tumor-bearing mouse models. Mice were exposed to single or fractionated whole-body LDI prior to tumor transplantation, and tumor growth and metastatic potential were determined, along with analysis of immune cell populations and expression of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) markers. Whole-body fractionated-LDI decreased tumor development and lung metastasis not only by infiltration of CD4 + , CD8 + T-cells, and dendritic cells (DCs) but also by attenuating EMT. Moreover, a combination of whole-body LDI with localized high-dose radiation therapy reduced the non-irradiated abscopal tumor growth and increased infiltration of effector T cells and DCs. Therefore, whole-body LDI in combination with high-dose radiation therapy could be a potential therapeutic strategy for treating cancer. 
Using Social Media to Identify Consumers' Sentiments towards Attributes of Health Insurance during Enrollment Season. Featured Application: The health insurance choice literature has found that financial considerations, such as premiums, deductible, and maximum out-of-pocket spending caps, are important to consumers. But these financial factors are just part of the cost-benefit trade-off consumers make. Publicly available datasets often do not include these other factors. Researchers in other fields have increasingly used web data from social media platforms, such as Twitter and search engines to analyze consumer behavior using Natural Language Processing. NLP combines machine learning, computational linguistics, and computer science, to understand natural language including consumer's sentiments, attitudes, and emotions from social media. This analysis is among the first to use natural language from an online platform to analyze sentiments when consumers are discussing health insurance. By clarifying what the expressed attitudes or sentiments are, we get an idea of what variables we may want to include in future studies of health insurance choice. 
The aim of this analysis was to evaluate knowledge of umbilical cord blood (UBC) banking and prenatal genetic diagnosis among pregnant women from rural and urban areas, and how this knowledge changed within a five-year period. A survey by questionnaire was conducted between 2010 and 2012, and in 2017 in public hospitals; the study population comprised 6128 women, with 2797 patients from the years 2010-2012 and 3331 from the year 2017. 41% of the studied population declared that they were living in rural areas. In the 2010-2012 period, fewer women from rural areas knew about UBC banking. In 2017 that same relative difference in knowledge persisted, but the percentage of women who now knew about this procedure rose significantly in both studied groups. Prenatal diagnosis was more familiar for urban inhabitants both in 2010 and 2017 but as with the UBC data, a trend of growing awareness was also seen in pregnant women from rural areas. Knowledge of new techniques such as UBC banking and genetic tests has grown among pregnant women during the time frame of our study, but there is still a need to emphasize the benefits of these two possibilities to pregnant women, especially among rural inhabitants. 
FARMER WILLINGNESS TO PAY FOR SOIL TESTING SERVICES IN NORTHERN HAITI. The study uses interval regression to investigate factors affecting farmers' willingness to pay for soil testing services in Northern Haiti. The model reveals that factors such as the type of crops grown, group membership, farmers' educational level, access to credit, gender, contact with extension services or any institution, type of soils, income level, participation in soil testing program and farm size affect the amount to be paid for soil testing services. These results imply that the training module on soil testing and financial support in form of subsidies or access to credit should be provided to farmers. 
Development of Instrument Transmitter Protecting Device against High-Temperature Condition during Severe Accidents. Reliable information through instrumentation systems is essential in mitigating severe accidents such as the one that occurred at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. There are five elements which might pose a potential threat to the reliability of parameter detection at nuclear power plants during a severe accident: high temperature, high pressure, high humidity, high radiation, and missiles generated during the evolution of a severe accident. Of these, high temperature apparently poses the most serious threat, since thin shielding can get rid of pressure, humidity, radiation (specifically, alpha and beta radiations), and missile effects. In view of this fact, our study focused on designing an instrument transmitter protecting device that can eliminate the high-temperature effect on transmitters to maintain their functional integrity. We present herein a novel concept for designing such a device in terms of heat transfer model that takes into account various heat transfer mechanisms associated with the device. 
Prospects of Principal Leadership in Schools and Colleges in Bangladesh. Though a concept latest in the world perspective, principal leadership in schools and colleges in Bangladesh has got no recognition. Even the educationists in Bangladesh advocate principals as managers. 
What Is HR Management? -Based on the Matching of People and Posts. In the final analysis, the competition among enterprises in the 21st century is the competition of human resources. Human resources management is still a great challenge for enterprises, and talent recruitment, brain drain and other issues are endless. In response to this problem, the article uses GATCO (Guangzhou) as an example to analyze the connotation and relationship of the components of human resource management based on the matching of people and posts. Research shows that, firstly, human resources management consists of four factors: human post matching, people matching, post matching, compensationand performance matching. Among them, post matching is the basis, performance compensation matching is the tool, and post matching is the strategic goal. Being oriented, everyone matching is the essence of achieving the strategic goal of post; Secondly, the ultimate orientation of human resource management activity is the realization of employee self-value and the realization of corporate value. Among them, the realization of employee value is the premise of the realization of enterprise value; Thirdly, the most critical part of the post matching is talent, not post; Fourthly, the operation of human resources management activities comes from the joint forces among various elements. Its essence is a series of activities carried out under the guidance of strategic goals, based on positions, and human-centered. 
Chinese Financial Market Investors Attitudes toward Corporate Social Responsibility: Evidence from Mergers and Acquisitions. As China's economic development has shifted from quantitative growth to qualitative improvement, stakeholders have enforced stricter corporate social responsibility (CSR) requirements for listed companies. However, few studies have focused on companies and CSR in such developing economies. We used the CSR scoring system from Hexun Finance's website to group Chinese listed companies according to their CSR scores. By comparing the effects of merger and acquisition (M&A) announcements on different CSR scores, we found that, first, the average abnormal return (AAR) response time of the low-CSR acquirers group was eight trading days, much longer than that of the medium-CSR (three trading days) and the high-CSR group (four trading days). Second, from five trading days before, and 15 trading days after the announcement date, the cumulative AAR (CAAR) of the acquirers in the low-CSR group was 0. 270, much higher than those in medium-and high-CSR groups. Third, after considering the CSR scores for the two years prior to the M&A and controlling for other factors affecting the M&A, the CSR performance of the above-mentioned M&As was still negatively correlated with the M&A announcement effect. This point to the need for further studying CSR and M&A announcement effects for Chinese companies. Sustainability 2019, 11, 2615 2 of 20 face. 
Forecast of China Population under Different Fertility Policy. In this report, we use queue elements prediction and forecasting software PADIS-INT, set three different fertility programs, and predict China's total population and the trends of population structural change in 2015-2050, based on the fifth and sixth national census data. The results show that since implementation of the two-child family planning policy, the aging trend of the population structure will be significantly improved, and after 2030 our population structure will be gradually younger. In view of the problem of population sex ratio imbalance, we verified it, and the results showed that by 2020 there will be a bachelor phenomenon, but the number did not report as much. Finally, we gave a brief summary and recommendations for our studies. 
Globalization 2: Revisiting Neglected Tropical Diseases Such as Polio, Dengue Fever, and in Particularly EBOLA. This analysis examined the roles globalization played in the spread of originally neglected tropical diseases like polio, dengue fever, and in particularly EBOLA from region to region between 2014 and 2015. Based on the analyzed data of the overall of spread of Ebola in 8 major critical community areas (CCA) counties in less than a year, the study found some disturbing effects. The study found that EBOLA was more rampart and showed higher identified cases as well as lower survival rates in the CCA countries. The identified Ebola cases ranged from 3429 to 1,1841 or 29% to 100% in the higher CCA countries; while at the same time, the death rates ranged from 2263 to 4301 or 53% to 100% cases. At the same time, the Ebola identified cases in the lower CCA countries ranged from 1 to 20 or 5% to 100%; while the death rates ranged from 0 to 8 cases 0% to 100%. As usual, the study found that neglecting tropical diseases by presumed and assumed safer regions' leaders as defensive mechanisms, were again ineffective, inefficient, and in proficient; because Ebola in particular continued to spread from region to region worldwide; regardless of efforts. The implication of this analysis was to assist international public health officials, public policy officials, and global leaderships to rethink, refocus, and revisit their treatments modalities, spread prevention methodologies, and practical approaches in addressing tropical neglected diseases such as polio, dengue fever, and in particularly EBOLA, which could eventually bring some positive social changes regionally; worldwide. 
On Clansman Culture Pushing Forward the Development of New Socialist Country-side. Issues concerning agriculture, countryside, and farmers have been the focus of the central government of China. Every year, such issues predominated in the central government's No. 1 Document. In October 2015, the fifth plenary session of the 16 th central committee of the Communist Party of China mapped out a plan to build a new socialist countryside and so a nationwide movement kicked off. In the paper the author attempts to explore the roles of clansman culture in the building of a new socialist countryside and the relevant ways. 
Classification of Risk Perceptions of Trading Firms. Risks faced by the trading firms cannot be eliminated completely due to the reasons arising from the structure of international trade. Therefore, minimizing risk and managing it well lay down the foundation of modern risk approach. The most important element of risk management is to define and categorize the risk. This analysis aims at perceptual description of risk within the scope of the firms exporting agricultural products in Turkey. The main purpose is to classify the risks faced by these firms. The study uses factor analysis to determine the behavioral and perceptional dimensions of the firms; and also uses multidimensional scaling in positioning the firms' risk perceptions. The findings show that seven dimensions namely political, economic, trade, financial, food safety and goods delivery formulate risk perception of the firms. Multi-dimensional scaling technique maps the perception under two dimensions. The results of the research can be helpful for the managers of agri-products export firms in designing risk management strategies. 
An Analysis of the Determinants of Arbitrage Spread. This analysis examines the determinants of arbitrage spread of S&P 500 firms between 2004 and 2014. We find that bid hostility, the relative size of the target compared to the potential bidder and the acquisition premium paid by the bidding firm are associated with greater arbitrage spread while the proportion of cash in the offer and target termination fees are associated with smaller arbitrage spread. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Determinants and Impacts of Financial Literacy in Cambodia and Viet Nam. Our paper extends the literature on the determinants and impacts of financial literacy by conducting the OECD/INFE survey in two relatively low-income Asian economies-Cambodia and Viet Nam-and analyzing the determinants of financial literacy and the effects of financial literacy on savings and financial inclusion. Generally, our study corroborates the findings of studies of other countries, but uncovers some differences as well. The main determinants of financial literacy are found to be educational level, income, age, and occupational status. Both financial literacy and general education levels are found to be positively and significantly related to savings behavior and financial inclusion, and these results generally hold even when correcting for possible endogeneity of financial literacy. 
Revisiting the twin deficits hypothesis: a quantile cointegration analysis over the period 1791-2013 Revisiting the twin deficits hypothesis: a quantile cointegration analysis over the period 1791-2013. We revisit the twin deficits hypothesis by examining the long-run cointegrating relationship between the US budget and trade deficits across various quantiles using a unique dataset for the period 1791-2013. The main results suggest the existence of nonlinearities and structural breaks in the relationship between the trade and budget deficits, indicating that the long-run relationship between the two variables has not been constant overtime. Furthermore, we find evidence in favour of the twin deficits hypothesis. Finally, the results suggest that the cointegrating coefficient in the long-run relationship between the two variables is not constant across different quantiles. In fact, we find that an increase in the budget deficit will have a greater effect on the trade deficit at quantiles below the median than at higher quantiles, suggesting that the effectiveness of restrictive fiscal policies directed to reduce trade deficits will depend on the actual size of the budget deficit. 
Risk and Financial Management Analytical Gradients of Dynamic Conditional Correlation Models. We provide the analytical gradient of the full model likelihood for the Dynamic Conditional Correlation (DCC) specification by Engle (2002), the generalised version by Cappiello et al. (2006), and of the cDCC model by Aielli (2013). We discuss how the gradient might be further extended by introducing elements related to the conditional variance parameters, and discuss the issue arising from the estimation of constrained and/or reparametrised versions of the model. A computational simulation compares analytical versus numerical gradients, with a view to parameter estimation; we find that analytical differentiation yields more efficiency and improved accuracy. 
Analysis and Discussion on Chinese College Students' Moral Characteristics and Its Countermeasures. The moral education of Chinese colleges and universities should start with the moral characteristics of contemporary college students so as to find solutions and countermeasures. The paper suggests the concordant development of school education, social education and family education, forming an organic whole, to improve the current moral education jointly, which is a good way to improve the moral level of the contemporary college students. 
Microstructure and Mechanical Properties of ZrCuSiN Coatings Deposited by a Single Alloy Target. Recently, research has been conducted on nanocomposite thin films containing new additive elements in ZrN. In this report, a method for depositing ZrCuSiN nanocomposite coatings using a ZrCuSi single target is presented. The ZrCuSi target that was used to easily deposit a ZrCuSiN coating in a mixed gas atmosphere (Ar + N 2 ) was produced by a simple arc melting method (casting process). The effect of the nitrogen content was investigated by depositing a ZrCuSiN coating using alloy targets at various nitrogen gas flow rates (2, 4, 6, and 8 sccm). X-ray diffraction analysis of the ZrCuSiN coatings revealed a ZrN structure with a preferable orientation (200). As the nitrogen flow rate increased, the formation of o-Zr 3 N 4 was dominant in the ZrN formation. A nitrogen gas flow rate of 4 sccm produced a coating with optimal ZrN and a-Si 3 N 4 coordination and maximum hardness (41 GPa). Reciprocal friction tests of all coatings and uncoated carburized SCM415 steel in a 5W30 lubrication atmosphere demonstrated that the 4 sccm coating had the lowest friction coefficient (0. 002). Therefore, our method has the potential to be an alternative surface coating technique for materials used in automotive engine parts and various other wear protection applications. 
If we implement it, will they come? User resistance in post-acceptance usage behaviour within a business intelligence systems context If we implement it, will they come? User resistance in post- acceptance usage behaviour within a business intelligence systems context. The aim of this article is to examine individual, corporate and technology-related factors that shape user resistance in business intelligence systems (BIS) post-acceptance usage behaviour. The author develops a conceptual framework and a series of propositions, grounded on previous studies of user resistance to information systems (IS) and post-acceptance usage. The framework proposes that three individual-level variables (loss of power, change in decision-making approach, change of job or job skills), four corporate-level variables (information culture, communication, user training, service quality) and a technology-related variable (system issues) can be attributed to fuel user resistance towards BIS post-acceptance usage stages. A series of propositions is offered that aims to stimulate empirical research in this topical subject. Despite wide acknowledgement of the importance of user resistance for IS implementation success, this area has been under-researched in the field of BIS. This article draws insights from theoretical and empirical studies to shed some light on this area. A framework is presented which transcends previous works on user resistance to IS by looking at the context of BIS use within the voluntary use environment. 
Review of Chinese and Foreign Management Accounting Research-Based on Management Accounting Research Topics and Research Methods. This report takes 71 management accounting documents published in the 2015-2017 mainstream journals as a sample, systematically combs, summarizes and reviews the management accounting research topics and research methods. We find that the subject of management accounting research is increasingly diversified, with performance evaluation and measurement, compensation and incentive research being the most popular. There are obvious differences in research methods at home and abroad. Among them, domestic research mainly focuses on data-based empirical analysis and normative research, while foreign literature research methods prefer experimental research methods. I hope that the comparative analysis of the article can provide reference for the research and development of domestic management accounting. 
A Systematic Approach for Cybersecurity Design of In-Vehicle Network Systems with Trade-Off Considerations. With the increasing connectivity of modern vehicles, protecting systems from attacks on cyber is becoming crucial and urgent. Meanwhile, a vehicle should guarantee a safe and comfortable trip for users. erefore, how to design a cybersecurity-critical system in vehicles with safety and user experience (UX) considerations is increasingly essential. However, most co-design methods focus on safety engineering with attack concerns and do not discuss conflicts and integration, and few contain the UX aspect. Besides, most existing approaches are abstract at a high level without practical guidelines. is paper presents a literature review of existing safety and security design approaches and proposes a systematic approach for cybersecurity design of in-vehicle network systems based on the guideline in SAE J3061. e trade-off analysis is performed by using association keys and the proposed affecting map. e design process of an example Diagnostic on Internet Protocol (DoIP) system is reported to show how the approach works. Compared with the existing approaches, the proposed one considers safety, cybersecurity, and UX simultaneously, solves conflicts qualitatively or quantitatively, and obtains trade-off design requirements. is approach is applicable to the cybersecurity-driven design of in-vehicle network systems in the early stage with safety and UX considerations. 
Speed of Adjustment of Capital Structure in Emerging Markets. Speed of Adjustment (SOA) is a concept well studied in the area of capital structure. The concept is premised upon the fact that firms have a target capital structure for the next year and strive to achieve this target; the rate at which it attempts to achieve this target is called SOA. The SOA concept has been successfully applied to evaluate the financing decisions of firms. But most, if not all, of the existing studies in the literature are from the US or the developed world context, which cannot be generalized to emerging markets. This report is an attempt to highlight the importance of studying the SOA of financing decisions in an emerging market context which provides for a completely different institutional setup. Studies in the direction given by this report would provide evidence to policy makers and managers to review their existing organizational setup and take necessary action to increase their firm value. 
Cost-effective production of tag-less recombinant protein in Nicotiana benthamiana. Keywords: plant-based expression system, Nicotiana benthamiana, human interleukin-6, cellulose-binding domain, proteolytic tag removal, bdSUMO, bdSENP1. 
Disparities in Opioid Use Disorder Treatment Admissions. The Cincinnati region has been at the epicenter of the nation's unfolding opioid epidemic. The objectives of this analysis were twofold: (1) to compare the Cincinnati region to the United States in length of time to obtain treatment and planned medication-assisted therapy for the treatment for opioid use disorder (OUD); and (2) to assess racial disparities within the Cincinnati region in wait time and type of treatment. 
Exploiting correlated molecular-dynamics networks to counteract enzyme activity-stability trade-off. The directed evolution of enzymes for improved activity or substrate specificity commonly leads to a trade-off in stability. We have identified an activity-stability trade-off and a loss in unfolding cooperativity for a variant (3M) of Escherichia coli transketolase (TK) engineered to accept aromatic substrates. Molecular dynamics simulations of 3M revealed increased flexibility in several interconnected active-site regions that also form part of the dimer interface. Mutating the newly flexible active-site residues to regain stability risked losing the new activity. We hypothesized that stabilizing mutations could be targeted to residues outside of the active site, whose dynamics were correlated with the newly flexible active-site residues. We previously stabilized WT TK by targeting mutations to highly flexible regions. These regions were much less flexible in 3M and would not have been selected a priori as targets using the same strategy based on flexibility alone. However, their dynamics were highly correlated with the newly flexible active-site regions of 3M. Introducing the previous mutations into 3M reestablished the WT level of stability and unfolding cooperativity, giving a 10. 8-fold improved half-life at 55degC, and increased midpoint and aggregation onset temperatures by 3degC and 4. 3degC, respectively. Even the activity toward aromatic aldehydes increased up to threefold. Molecular dynamics simulations confirmed that the mutations rigidified the active-site via the correlated network. This work provides insights into the impact of rigidifying mutations within highly correlated dynamic networks that could also be useful for developing improved computational protein engineering strategies. dynamics | trade-off | protein engineering | transketolase | stability E nzymes are natural catalysts with great potential for industrial applications. However, the natural substrate specificity of enzymes often fails to meet the requirement of industrial chemists. Directed evolution has been a powerful tool to obtain enzyme variants with expanded substrate scope. However, during the process of directed evolution for improved activity or substrate specificity, stability loss is commonly observed when mutations are accumulated primarily for function (1,2). This negative correlation between enzyme stability and activity, the so-called activity-stability trade-off, has been well documented (3-5). From the point of view of overall protein stability, the active-site organization is already inherently unfavorable as functional residues-generally polar or charged-are embedded in hydrophobic clefts, sometimes with proximal like-charges (6, 7). While natural enzymes have evolved extensively throughout their entire sequence, to maintain a delicate balance between function and stability the introduction of a sparse number of function-modifying mutations in a few rounds of directed evolution is highly likely to decrease their stability. 
An Investigating on UGC Adoption in Web 2. 0 Environment: Antecedents and Consequences. Purpose: The purpose of this report is to investigate the adoption model of user-generated content in Web 2. 0 Internet environment. The author hopes to verify the quality of user-user interaction, and test the influence of such interaction on users' perceived usefulness and adoption willingness. Design/Methodology/Approach: The influence of user generated content on e-commerce websites has been addressed in both practical and theoretical fields. This analysis focuses on the connotation of prosumption behavior and the quality of user-user interaction through qualitative research. It clarifies the mechanism of user interaction and counterproductive behavior in the Web 2. 0 Internet platform for those from the double process theory perspective of Elaboration Likelihood Model (ELM). This analysis has investigated quantitatively. The authors used structural equations modeling on 58 users (21 offline and 37 online users of book. douban). Findings: Firstly, the results emphasized the effect of user-user interaction quality on user information usefulness and information willingness. In addition, the research results also proved that users' perceived usefulness of UGC information and the willingness of UGC adoption have played a positive role in users' subsequent prosumption behavior. Finally, we applied our theoretical findings to derive managerial implications. Originality/Value: This report not only revealed quantitatively the nature of prosumption behavior and quality of user-user interaction, but also figured out the antecedents and consequences of information adoption. 
A Service Oriented Analytics Framework for Multi-Level Marketing Business. Today's enterprises have accumulated vast amount of data and keep exploding by business activities. These datasets may contain potential undiscovered business strategies as a key basis of competition; underpin new waves of productivity growth, innovation, and consumer surplus. Data analysis is crucial in making managerial decisions. Although there are many Business Intelligence (BI) software of commercial and open source, but serving statistical purpose as exuberant as GNU-R (R) is rare. R is a highly extensible language and environment for providing a variety of statistical and graphical features. In enterprise environment, the source data are stored in various forms such as files, database, and streaming data. Currently analysts conduct data analysis in offline mode using statistical software. The offline mode means analysts 1) extract the desired data; 2) store extracted data into files; 3) manipulate software; 4) draw analytical results; 5) generate the inferences. Automating the statistical procedures by directly pulling source data will make critical decision sooner and less costly. It is a common practice that enterprise adopts Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) to achieve its operation excellence. Since the business applications populate the source data during the operation processes, pulling the source data directly under SOA is the most effective way of data analysis. This report demonstrates how service-oriented statistics engine was developed and how such a system benefits the business decision-making. 
Strengthening of the Formal Complementary Paddy Seeding System and Informal to Fulfill Demand of Quality Paddy Seeds and to Develop Seed Farming Business in West Java. The era of seed commercialization with agribusiness perspective is marked by the stipulation of Government Regulation No. 22/191. However, in general the stipulation of the government regulation has not been able to provide quality paddy seeds according to farmers' needs and instead the paddy production tends to be stagnant. In very difficult conditions to carry out intensification and conversion of agricultural land that continues to suppress food production, the position and function of quality paddy seeds becomes very strategic in the increasing production, therefore, quality paddy seeds must be available enough for all farmers. The current problems in the supply of quality paddy seeds from the formal channel, among others: lack of cooperation between institutions and weak supervision. Under these conditions the role of informal paddy seeds is large enough to support paddy production so that West Java paddy production can be met according to the targets set. Therefore, solutions should be found in the supply of quality paddy seeds, not only through formal channels, but also through informal channels. This analysis uses descriptive analysis to formulate institutional strengthening of formal and informal complementary paddy seed systems to increase production and income of paddy farmers in West Java. 
The Dynamic Properties of a Nonlinear Economic Model with Extreme Financial Frictions. A generalized economic model with two kinds of agents (farmers and landlords) is investigated. Farmers produce grains by renting lands from landlords. The land which is not rented is cultivated by less productive landlords. The economy is assumed to be with extreme frictions so that there are no markets for agents to trade grains. The rental rate is determined by the equilibrium of the supply and demand. We consider the situation that farmers are likely to take more risk when the rental rate is low and have more risk aversion if the rate goes high. The psychological anticipation is taken into account in the setting of our model. Using the optimal control theory, the dynamic properties of the rental rate and its influence to the endogenous volatility are analyzed. Besides, we clarify that the rental market has an instinctive ability to dominate the anticipation of agents. 
9/11 Residential Exposures: The Impact of World Trade Center Dust on Respiratory Outcomes of Lower Manhattan Residents. Thousands of lower Manhattan residents sustained damage to their homes following the collapse of the Twin Towers on 11 September 2001. Respiratory outcomes have been reported in this population. We sought to describe patterns of home damage and cleaning practices in lower Manhattan and their impacts on respiratory outcomes among World Trade Center Health Registry (WTCHR) respondents. Data were derived from WTCHR Wave 1 (W1) (9/2003-11/2004) and Wave 2 (W2) (11/2006-12/2007) surveys. Outcomes of interest were respiratory symptoms (shortness of breath (SoB), wheezing, persistent chronic cough, upper respiratory symptoms (URS)) first occurring or worsening after 9/11 W1 and still present at W2 and respiratory diseases (asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)) first diagnosed after 9/11 W1 and present at W2. We performed descriptive statistics, multivariate logistic regression and geospatial analyses, controlling for demographics and other exposure variables. A total of 6447 residents were included. Mean age on 9/11 was 45. 1 years (+-15. 1 years), 42% were male, 45% had ever smoked cigarettes, and 44% reported some or intense dust cloud exposure on 9/11. The presence of debris was associated with chronic cough (adjusted OR (aOR) = 1. 56, CI: 1. 12-2. 17), and upper respiratory symptoms (aOR = 1. 56, CI: 1. 24-1. 95). A heavy coating of dust was associated with increased shortness of breath (aOR = 1. 65, CI: 1. 24-2. 18), wheezing (aOR = 1. 43, CI: 1. 03-1. 97), and chronic cough (aOR = 1. 59, CI: 1. 09-2. 28). Dusting or sweeping without water was the cleaning behavior associated with the largest number of respiratory outcomes, such as shortness of breath, wheezing, and URS. Lower Manhattan residents who suffered home damage following the 9/11 attacks were more likely to report respiratory symptoms and diseases compared to those who did not report home damage. 
Dutch SMEs: An Empirical Analysis. Financial Risk Management plays an important role in safeguarding the continuity of enterprises. This report analyzes current financial risk management (FRM) practices applied by Dutch Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs). In particular, the methods used by SMEs to manage credit risks, exchange rate risks, liquidity risks and interest rate risks. Data of 97 Dutch SMEs, gathered in the period 2013-2017, show SMEs focus on risk process rather than setting up an organizational structure to embed the process. However, the attention firms pay on process is positively correlated to organizational structure. Where SMEs, within the risk management process, appear to have a correlated equal focus on risk identification, measurement and evaluation, mitigating risks seems to be treated more separately. Finally, the analysis of possible determinants shows that the level of financial risk management in Dutch SMEs is determined by two variables: the level of education of the risk manager and the degree of decentralization. 
Symbolic Racism or Self-Interest? Comparing Rural and Urban Worries about Obamacare. Framed by the theory of symbolic racism versus self-interest, this analysis sought to investigate differences, if any, between rural and urban residents' concerns about Obamacare (the Affordable Care Act). First, we found that rural residents are significantly more worried about Obamacare. Second, regarding symbolic racism, ratings of Muslims (but not blacks or immigrants) predicted worry about Obamacare for rural and urban respondents. Third, different self-interest measures were predictive for the rural and urban samples. Rural residents who worried about becoming ill were more worried about Obamacare. Urban residents who worried about money were more worried about Obamacare. We conclude with recommendations for framing health care reform in ways that might reduce concerns among rural and urban people. 
The Interaction of Monetary and Fiscal Policy: The Brazilian Case. We tested, empirically, whether the Brazilian fiscal policy for the period between 1995: I to 2008: III was active or passive. To analyze fiscal policy transmission mechanisms, we estimated functions by which the public debt/GDP ratio affects investment, primary surplus, output gap and the demand for money. The ratio of public debt to GDP was found to be statistically significant, positively affecting the demand for money and the primary surplus, whereas it was found to negatively affect the level of investment and the output gap. We conclude that the Brazilian regime was non-Ricardian in the context of fiscal dominance. 
A humidity-controlled fast integrated mobility spectrometer (HFIMS) for rapid measurements of particle hygroscopic growth. We present a humidity-controlled fast integrated mobility spectrometer (HFIMS) for rapid particle hygroscopicity measurements. The HFIMS consists of a differential mobility analyzer (DMA), a relative humidity (RH) control unit and a water-based FIMS (WFIMS) coupled in series. The WFIMS (Pinterich et al. , 2017) combines the fast integrated mobility spectrometer (Kulkarni and Wang, 2006a, b) with laminar flow water condensation methodologies (Hering and Stolzenburg, 2005;Spielman et al. , 2017). Inside the WFIMS, particles of different electrical mobilities are spatially separated in an electric field, condensationally enlarged and imaged to provide 1 Hz measurements of size distribution spanning a factor of ~ 3 in particle diameter, which is sufficient to cover the entire range of growth factor (GF) for atmospheric aerosol particles at 90 % RH. By replacing the second DMA of a traditional hygroscopicity tandem DMA (HTDMA) system with the WFIMS, the HFIMS greatly increases the speed of particle growth factor measurement. 
Beyond the cost-effectiveness acceptability curve: The appropriateness of rank probabilities for presenting the results of economic evaluation in multiple technology appraisal. The cost-effectiveness acceptability curve (CEAC) shows the probability that an option ranks first for net benefit. Where more than two options are under consideration, the CEAC offers only a partial picture of the decision uncertainty. This report discusses the appropriateness of showing the full set of rank probabilities for reporting the results of economic evaluation in multiple technology appraisal (MTA). A case study is used to illustrate the calculation of rank probabilities and associated metrics, based on Monte Carlo simulations from a decision model. Rank probabilities are often used to show uncertainty in the results of network meta-analysis, but until now have not been used for economic evaluation. They may be useful decision-making tools to complement the CEAC in specific MTA contexts. 
Low Carbon Economy Development and Carbon Emission Reduction in Western China Keywords. Western China is not only an important ecological conservation area, but also has rich natural resources and environmental conditions. Therefore, the western China must vigorously develop green low carbon economy to realize the win-win of natural ecological environment protection and socio-economic development. At present, the western China has not only great potential in technology progress, industrial upgrading and energy saving and emission reduction, but also has good endowment conditions and comparative advantages in the development of agricultural carbon sequestration, eco-tourism and clean energy development. Therefore, the western region in China should make full use of these advantages to promote low carbon economy development. At the present stage, the western China should actively promote industrial upgrading and structural optimization, comprehensively implement natural ecological protection engineering, reasonably develop and utilize mineral resources, fully utilize renewable clean energy resources, promote eco-tourism, give priority to organic ecological agriculture, and accelerate urbanization and urban ecology-oriented development. 
The Largest Shareholder Holdings, Cash Dividends and Supervision of Board. Based on tunneling theory and principal-agent theory, setting 2008 to 2014 listed companies in China as samples, this report explores the relationship between largest shareholders' shareholdings and cash dividends, and meanwhile, identifies the supervisory directors according to their office and education background to analyze the influence of supervision role of board to the relationship between the largest shareholding and cash dividends. The empirical results show that the higher the shareholdings of the largest shareholder, the more cash dividends per share. In addition, the higher the proportion of supervisory directors, the smaller the influence of the largest shareholding on cash dividends, which means supervisory directors can inhibit the tunneling behavior of the largest shareholders to a certain extent, and the board of directors play a role of supervision. 
The Effect of Social Warmth on Green Consumption. With the increasing emphasis on resources and environmental issues, green consumption is becoming more and more important. Green consumption is affected by social factors. In the social context, there are more studies on social unfriendly aspects, such as social exclusion, but neglect socially friendly situations-social warmth. Therefore, this analysis will explore the mechanism of the impact of social warmth on green consumption. The conclusion of study is that social warmth has a significant impact on the willingness to purchase green products, and environmental self-responsibility plays a mediating role. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Efficiency of the Brazilian Bitcoin: A DFA Approach. Bitcoin's evolution has attracted the attention of investors and researchers looking for a better understanding of the efficiency of cryptocurrency markets, considering their prices and volatility. The purpose of this report is to contribute to this understanding by studying the degree of persistence of the Bitcoin measured by the Hurst exponent, considering prices from the Brazilian market, and comparing with Bitcoin in USD as a benchmark. We applied Detrended Fluctuation Analysis (DFA), for the period from 9 April 2017 to 30 June 2018, using daily closing prices, with a total of 429 observations. We focused on two prices of Bitcoins resulting from negotiations made by two different Brazilian financial institutions: Foxbit and Mercado. The results indicate that Mercado and Foxbit returns tend to follow Bitcoin dynamics and all of them show persistent behavior, although the persistence in slightly higher for the Brazilian Bitcoin. However, this evidence does not necessarily mean opportunities for abnormal profits, as aspects such as liquidity or transaction costs could be impediments to this occurrence. 
Study on the Cooperation Mechanism of Nansha Area and National Free Trade Areas along "The Belt and Road" -Taking Financial Business as an Example. This report investigates the development orientation, advantages and features of the Free Trade Zone Nansha Area, combs through the development and experience of national free trade areas (FTAs) along "the Belt and Road", analyzes the comparative advantages between the two and explores the cooperation in the following areas: management inspiration of the national FTAs along the "the Belt and Road" to the Nansha area; fields and patterns of cooperation between national FTAs along "the Belt and Road" and Nansha Area to help Chinese enterprises "go out" to countries along "the Belt and Road"; the contents of the key industry positioning and cooperation in the Nansha Area on the basis of the cooperation with the national FTAs along "the Belt and Road". 
On the Trade-Off between the Main Parameters of Planar Antenna Arrays. The aim of this report is two-fold. First, the trade-off between directivity, beam-width, side-lobe-level, number of radiating elements, and scanning range of planar antenna arrays is reviewed, and some simple ready-to-use formulas for the preliminary dimensioning of equispaced planar arrays are provided. Furthermore, the synthesis of sparse planar arrays, and the issue of their reduction in directivity, is analyzed. Second, a simple, yet effective, novel approach to overcome the directivity issue is proposed. The presented method is validated by several synthesized layouts; the examples show that it is possible to synthesize sparse arrays, able to challenge with equispaced lattices in terms of directivity, with a significant reduction of the number of radiators. 
A Review of First-Passage Theory for the Segerdahl-Tichy Risk Process and Open Problems. The Segerdahl-Tichy Process, characterized by exponential claims and state dependent drift, has drawn a considerable amount of interest, due to its economic interest (it is the simplest risk process which takes into account the effect of interest rates). It is also the simplest non-Levy, non-diffusion example of a spectrally negative Markov risk model. Note that for both spectrally negative Levy and diffusion processes, first passage theories which are based on identifying two "basic" monotone harmonic functions/martingales have been developed. This means that for these processes many control problems involving dividends, capital injections, etc. , may be solved explicitly once the two basic functions have been obtained. Furthermore, extensions to general spectrally negative Markov processes are possible; unfortunately, methods for computing the basic functions are still lacking outside the Levy and diffusion classes. This divergence between theoretical and numerical is strikingly illustrated by the Segerdahl process, for which there exist today six theoretical approaches, but for which almost nothing has been computed, with the exception of the ruin probability. Below, we review four of these methods, with the purpose of drawing attention to connections between them, to underline open problems, and to stimulate further work. 
Disclosure of the State of the Art of Performance Evaluation Applied to Project Management. This analysis aims to explore the subject of performance evaluation in project management through the selection of relevant articles on the theme and their subsequent bibliometric analysis, in order to build knowledge among researchers on the subject. The research is characterized as exploratory, descriptive, theoretical-illustrative and adopts ProKnow-C (Knowledge Development Process-Constructivist) as an intervention tool. As a result, we obtain a set of 18 publications comprising the sample of relevant articles on the topic. From this sample, we found that the International Journal of Project Management is the most aligned with the research topic and the article "Plans are nothing, changing plans is everything: The impact of changes on project success" is the most cited in the sample. This report highlights the most prominent authors and keywords of the bibliographic portfolio. 
Sea-Port Operational Efficiency: An Evaluation of Five Asian Ports Using Stochastic Frontier Production Function Model. Sea-port operational efficiency is critical factor for handling of goods in the international supply chains, and is viewed to impact transportation and logistics which play an important role in trade exchange with other countries. It is important to evaluate operational efficiency of sea-ports to reflect their status and reveal their position in this competitive environment. Moreover, knowing impacts of efficiency of sea-ports on the supply chain is vital for business survival. This analysis uses stochastic frontier and inefficiency models to analyze sea-port operational efficiency and Delphi technique to seek expert respondents' opinion on its characteristics. The research also uses structural equation modeling to build a model of sea-port operational efficiency as a further step to examine the significance of the characteristics. The results of this analysis emphasize the need to improve sea-port operational efficiency, and indicate which characteristics should be given more attention. 
An Empirical Analysis of the Institutional Factors' Affection on China's Foreign Direct Investment. With the rapid development of economy, China, as a country which attracts lots of multinational companies investing in and reaping their benefits, now plays an increasing important role as a source of investment all around the world. And more and more Chinese enterprises try their best to expend overseas market. In this report, based on the perspective of investment motives, I use fixed effect model to study the influence of domestic and the host country institutional factors on outward foreign direct investment (OFDI) with the panel data from 58 Chinese OFDI destinations during 2003-2012. The results show that it's the domestic institutional factors not the host country's that play a major role in OFDI, especially property rights in legal field and investment freedom and business freedom in economic field which all have negative effects on ODFI, fiscal freedom and monetary freedom in economic field which all have positive roles. 
A section of the journal Frontiers in Chemistry A Role of Activators for Efficient CO 2 Affinity on Polyacrylonitrile-Based Porous Carbon Materials. Herein, we investigated polyacrylonitrile (PAN)-based porous activated carbon sorbents as an efficient candidate for CO 2 capture. In this research, an easy and an economical method of chemical activation and carbonization was used to generate activated PAN precursor (PAN-C) adsorbents. The influence of various activators including NaOH, KOH, K 2 CO 3 , and KNO 3 on the textural features of PAN-C and their CO 2 adsorption performance under different temperatures was examined. Among the investigated adsorbents, PANC-NaOH and PANC-KOH exhibited high specific surface areas (2,012 and 3,072 m 2 g -1 ), with high microporosity (0. 82 and 1. 15 cm 3 g -1 ) and large amounts of carbon and nitrogen moieties. The PAN-C activated with NaOH and KOH showed maximum CO 2 uptakes of 257 and 246 mg g -1 at 273 K and 163 and 155 mg g -1 at 298 K, 1 bar, respectively, which was much higher as compared to the inactivated PAN-C precursor (8. 9 mg g -1 at 273 K and 1 bar). The heat of adsorption (Q st ) was in the range 10. 81-39. 26 kJ mol -1 , indicating the physisorption nature of the CO 2 adsorption process. The PAN-C-based activated adsorbents demonstrated good regeneration ability over repeated adsorption cycles. The current study offers a facile two-step fabrication method to generate efficient activated porous carbon materials from inexpensive and readily available PAN for use as CO 2 adsorbents in environmental applications. 
Basel III Leverage and Capital Ratio over the Economic Cycle in the Czech Republic and its Comparison with the CEE Region. This report investigates the implications and effectiveness of Basel III leverage requirements for the banking sector in the Czech Republic and its comparison with the Central and Eastern European (CEE) region. We discuss the relationships between the leverage and capital ratios and analyse their constraining effects and cyclical qualities. The empirical analysis consists of examination of the correlation patterns between the leverage and capital ratio in relation to the changes in the business cycles. We propose an empirical model that allows testing how the leverage ratios and their variables respond to the changes in the economic cycles of the CEE region. The analysis of correlation patterns among the variables suggests that the total assets or exposure in contrast to the Tier 1 capital are the main contributors to the cyclical movements. The regression analysis shows that the leverage ratio in normal times is strongly pro-cyclical to the capital ratio and counter-cyclical in the crisis period. The empirical evidence indicating the active balance sheet management in response to the cyclical changes advocates in favour of constraining regulations on the leverage. 
The Role of E-Skills in Developing Sustainable Organizations and E-Activities in the New Digitized Business World. Today's business environment is governed by changes and challenges, such as the Internet which is also changing our personal and professional lives, our way of thinking, of acting, as well as our daily activities. By using new technologies and the Internet, any company can do business in any corner of the world, and with the help of e-skills any person can relate with anyone, anywhere, and anytime. Moreover, the world is at our fingertips, opening new opportunities and visions. The purpose of this report is to analyze the relationship between the e-skills and e-activities. Furthermore, the differences between e-skill and e-activity values recorded for Romania, at the EU28 level, and the values for the best-in-class group are analyzed. Through the use of benchmarking, we show that this gap exists, and thus some improvement measures are proposed. Thus, the correlation among three proposed zones (Romania, the average for EU28, and the best-in-class group) is analyzed with the help of simulation and mathematical modeling. The Excel data analysis shows that the correlation and future trends that could take place at the European level, helps the specialists improve skills, overcome risks, make better decisions, reduce costs, and increase performance. 
The Study on Tourist Preference of Wuyuan Rural Tourism Based on Web Text Analysis. In the era of big data, network text analysis has become an important means of studying tourists' travel preferences. This analysis takes Wuyuan County as the research object, adopts network text analysis method, uses Octopus Collector to collect Wuyuan travel notes on relevant tourism websites, and uses ROST CM6 text mining software to perform word frequency analysis, semantic network analysis and sentiment analysis to explore the tourist preferences of rural tourism destination Wuyuan. The study found that as a sample of rural tourism, Wuyuan tourists' preference is concentrated on tourism elements such as rape flower and Huangling, which is the core advantage of the characteristic development of the scenic spot. At the same time, insufficient transportation infrastructure limits tourists' desire to visit, and the reception capacity of scenic spots needs to be improved urgently. The research results can promote Wuyuan to enhance its tourist attraction and provide reference for image shaping and marketing of other rural tourist destinations. 
An Integrated Location-Routing-Inventory Problem by Considering Supply Disruption. In this report, we present a model of integrated Location Routing and Inventory problem (ILRIP) with considering random disruption at distribution centers (DCs). The proposed model simultaneously determines the number and the location of DCs that should be opened, the assignment of customers to DCs, the allocation of customers to active routes and the arrangement of customer sineach route, reorder point and economic order quantity for each distribution center, and finally, safety stock level should be kept per distribution center. In this analysis, we consider a stochastic-demand inventory system where the product's supply is randomly disrupted in DCs. Distribution centers adopt a (r, Q) inventory control policy. We assume that the distribution centers can be faced with a shortage, in terms of disruption. Partial backordering is applied when a stock out occurs. The model is formulated as a mixed-integer nonlinear programming, which minimizes the expected total cost of the network. We solve the developed mathematical model by meta-heuristic algorithm. Present computational results for several randomly generated instances also for a case study according to literature to show validation of the proposed model. 
Social Media Sentimental Analysis in Exhibition's Visitor Engagement Prediction. In the internet age, social media and mobile devices are the most important tools of communication and marketing in the exhibition and event industry. Only a limited research has explored exhibition visitors' engagement and preference perception through social networking media. Our study explores relationship between Facebook fan pages and visitor engagements of the exhibitions. The study found that the number of visitors, Facebook fans like counts, comment counts, and emotional factors (sentiment polarity) have a significant positive correlation. On the other hand, numbers of visitor rapidly grow every year, but comment sentiment polarity of a positive emotion drops every year. This reduction is the warning sign that the exhibition management and marketing strategy need to be improved in order to continue to have a positive visitor engagement emotion. Our linear Discriminate Analysis (LDA) result found that visitors were highly concerned with gamification activities for an incentive prize both to create involvement and to enhance exhibition experience. Our finding also shows the relevance of both FB like counts and comments generated by social media in relation to the visitor engagement performance. This pioneer study utilized both text mining and sentimental analysis into the exhibition study, especially the area of Asian research. 
Background As one major disease threatening human health, stroke has placed a heavy financial burden on patients worldwide. This analysis aims to confirm whether there are disparities and inequity in the utilization of inpatient health services for stroke inpatients covered by different health insurance schemes. Methods We conducted statistical analysis based on the data containing urban employee-based basic medical insurance scheme (UEBMI) and urban resident-based basic medical insurance scheme (URBMI) groups, supplied by the China Health Insurance Research Association (CHIRA). Descriptive analysis was the main method to finish this analysis. Results Of the 56485 inpatients who had been diagnosed with ischemic stroke, extracted from the CHIRA claimed database, 64. 6% (36487) were covered by UEBMI and 35. 4% (19998) were covered by URBMI; the mean age of UEBMI subgroup was slightly older than URBMI subgroup (68. 64 and 67. 45 years old). The annual frequency of hospitalization of UEBMI subgroup was 1. 21 times and 1. 15 times for URBMI subgroup. 
Sequential Variable Selection as Bayesian Pragmatism in Linear Factor Models. We examine a popular practitioner methodology used in the construction of linear factor models whereby particular factors are increased or decreased in relative importance within the model. This allows model builders to customise models and, as such, reflect those factors that the client and modeller may think important. We call this process Pragmatic Bayesianism (or prag-Bayes for short) and we provide analysis which shows when such a procedure is likely to be successful. 
Herding Behavior between Chinese and Hong Kong Stock Market-Based on Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Policy Keywords. This report investigates herding behavior between Chinese A-share and HK stock market based on Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. This research innovatively details the difference in herding behavior between two markets bidirectionally. By applying CCK model and quantile regression, we examine herding behavior between Chinese and HK stock market in asymmetric situations from the perspective of net capital flow of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. Our findings suggest that the impact of HK share on A share's herding behavior increases after Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect starts trading. To some extent, the direction of net capital flow of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect acts as a powerful indicator for investors, which skillfully deflects Chinese stock market. Besides, the way in which HK's stock market influences that of Chinese mainland has undergone a transformation. 
EFFECT OF PRODUCTION PARAMETERS ON THE ECONOMIC FEASIBILITY OF A BIOFUEL ENTERPRISE. In order to guarantee the success of the nascent cellulose-based biofuel industry, it is crucial to identify the most economically relevant components of the biofuel production path. To this aim, an original stochastic financial model is developed to estimate the impact that different feedstock production and biofuel conversion parameters have on the probability of economic success. Estimation of the model was carried out using Monte Carlo simulation techniques along with parametric maximum likelihood estimation procedures. Results indicate that operational efficiency strategies should concentrate on improving feedstock yields and extending the feedstock growing season. 
Open Peer Review Recent advances in the management of malignant pheochromocytoma and paraganglioma: focus on tyrosine kinase and hypoxia-inducible factor inhibitors [version 1; peer review: 3 approved]. F1000 Faculty Reviews are written by members of the prestigious. They are F1000 Faculty commissioned and are peer reviewed before publication to ensure that the final, published version is comprehensive and accessible. The reviewers who approved the final version are listed with their names and affiliations. 
The Impact of Supply Chain Risks and Supply Chain Risk Management Strategies on Enterprise Performance in Ghana. Enterprises are constantly experiencing higher levels of supply chain disruptions in their operations due to the expansion of industries' business networks. It becomes very necessary for enterprises to continually assess risks in their business operations. To mitigate the adverse consequences of such potential supply chain risks on the performance of enterprises, it becomes imperative for Ghanaian enterprises to implement adequate supply chain risk management strategies. The purpose of this report is to outline potential risks in the supply chain network of Ghanaian enterprises and investigate the impact of these potential risks and supply chain risk management (SCRM) strategies on enterprise performance. Data for the study was collected from 210 enterprises in Ghana and analyzed by modeling the constructs of supply chain risks, supply chain risk management (SCRM) strategies and enterprise performance and also measuring the complex relationships among the constructs using a structural approach. The structural model result shows that, enterprises with distinct organizational structures dedicated to supply chain risk management with the purpose of mitigating supply chain risks tend to perform better than their competitors. The results also indicated a negative association between supply chain risks and the performance of Ghanaian enterprises. This research provides direction for managers to adopt and develop adequate enterprise supply chain risk register and supply chain risk management (SCRM) strategies to mitigate the consequences of supply chain risks in their planned business operations. 
Does the New Basel Accord Affect Credit in Italy?. The purpose of this analysis is to investigate the effect of the Basel regulation on the amount of credit in Italy. The research sample is composed by 343 Italian banks that operated in Europe in 2014. Data were gathered from Bank scope (Bureau Van Dijk database), from Data Stream (Thomson Reuters) and from the annual reports of banks under investigation. After having investigated the relationship between variables, using the Pearson correlation analysis, the research hypotheses have been investigated using the regression analysis (OLS). The research shows that, in Italy, the increase in regulatory capital required by Basel III agreements and the default probability level of client portfolios of the banks would have a major role in the recent contraction of credit. A more efficient solution to reduce the current state of the credit crunch and at the same time increase the solidity of the banking system, could be represented by an intervention in the system of evaluation of creditworthiness and the relationship between banks and enterprises. Such new regulation should reduce the high probability of default (PD) of client portfolios, which seems to be more critical than market risk and operational risk in limiting the amount of credit. 
Quantitative Easing and Its Global Impacts. As one of the tools to stimulate the economic growth, quantitative easing (QE) has been used by some countries like Japan, the United States, etc. Whether it does good or bad to the economy is to be further discussed. The paper first provided an overview of QE that was initiated in the United States, then compared the theoretic anticipation and the practical operational outcomes of QE. Finally, the paper drew conclusions about the impacts of QE to the global economy. 
State Based Determinants of Inward FDI Flow in the US Economy. Inward foreign direct investment (FDI) represents an integral part of the US economy. The flow of international capital has been a key factor expanding economy. The inward US FDI constitutes important factor contributing to output growth in the US economy. This report investigates factors affecting the inward FDI flow among fifty states of the United States. The analysis uses annual data for the period from 1997 to 2007. The study identifies several state-specific determinants of FDI and investigates the changes in their importance during the study period. Our results show that among the major determinants, the real per capita income, real per capita expenditure on education, FDI related employment, research and development expenditure, and capital expenditure are found to have a significant positive impact on FDI inflows. There is also evidence that the share of scientists and engineers in the workforce exerts a small positive impact on inward FDI flow. In addition, per capita state taxes, unit labor cost, manufacturing density, unionizetion, and unemployment rate exert a negative impact on FDI inflows. 
Estimating expected shortfall using a quantile function model. Distribution of financial returns defined by the existing GARCH models usually focus on the overall features such as the location, scale, skewness and kurtosis of the distribution. When using such GARCH models for expected shortfall (ES) estimation, it is difficult to consider specific information about the tails (such as the shape of the tails of the distribution), resulting in possible bias in ES estimation. We propose a quantile function threshold GARCH model to overcome some of the limitations of existing models. The model allows us to use the information including the skewness and tail shape of the distribution and the structure changes in the volatility of financial returns to obtain ES estimates. Our results show that the proposed model outperforms the benchmark models, confirming that tail shape of the distribution also plays an important role in ES estimation. 
International Journal of Financial Studies New Evidence on the Information and Predictive Content of the Baltic Dry Index. This empirical study analyzes the information and predictive content of the Baltic Dry Index (BDI) with respect to a range of financial assets and the macroeconomy. By using panel methodological approaches and daily data spanning the period 1985-2012, the empirical analysis documents the joint predictability capacity of the BDI for both financial assets and industrial production. The results reveal the role of the BDI in predicting the future course of the real economy, yielding a link between financial asset markets and the macroeconomy. 
Building Attacker Personas in Practice -a Digital Banking Example. In this short paper, a framework for building attacker personas based on a 10-step process model borrowed from user-centred design is proposed and applied to digital banking. In line with conventional personas, attacker personas are archetypical attackers to a system and ideally characterise the full threat landscape to a system. Benefits of attacker personas are currently seen in the context of generic security awareness programmes, usage by security experts alongside other threat modelling techniques and to 'make threats real' for non-experts in an organisation. However, attacker personas are by no means a mature method in information security-the largest drawback is currently a lack of their integration into threat modelling and the wider security management environment. The research report presented here covers the chosen methodology including data sources as well as the seven attacker personas proposed for digital banking systems. This work is primarily viewed as a basis for discussion to help foster methodological advancement for building better attacker personas in the future. Current limitations as well as potential future research directions are therefore given in the last part of this report to promote discussion and collaboration with others in academia and industry. 
Policies and Procedures in Providing Competent Customer Service in Urgent Care Centers. The purpose of this case study was to explore customer care strategies that managers of urgent care businesses used to improve customer care services and patient satisfaction. The target population consisted of 1 urgent care manager from 3 separate urgent care clinics with the highest customer satisfaction ratings in Alabama. Semistructured interviews and patient survey forms were the data sources. Data were analyzed using thematic analysis, which identified similar codes, patterns, and themes. The 3 primary themes that emerged from the thematic analysis were patient-focused care, social media outreach, and employee engagement. Participants in the study indicated the importance of placing the needs of the patients first. In addition, the participants shared the motto that the customer is always right. The findings from the participants confirm that patient focused care increases patient satisfaction. Each participant expressed they had true loyal customers that spread their satisfaction experience about their clinic to other members of the community. Findings in the study supported the efforts of the UCMs' strategies on improving customer care services and patient satisfaction. The findings of this analysis may be of value to business managers in terms of how UCMs can provide customer care services to improve patient satisfaction. 
A Summary of Risks in China's Financial Holding Companies. With the development and expansion of financial holding companies in recent years, due to the lack of clear guidance of legislation, financial holding companies currently have various irregular behaviors, and they also have financial risks while seeking the most benefits. The supervision of the holding company is necessary. This report mainly describes the development history and current situation of financial holding companies, puts forward the remaining problems of financial holding companies, analyzes the existing financial holding company's supervision system, and puts forward suggestions on financial holding companies' risk supervision. 
Malaysia-Indonesia Cross-Border Governance: Is There a Trade-off between Security and Economic Development?. The National Security Council of Malaysia has declared the east coast of Sabah as the Eastern Sabah Security Zone (ESSZONE) to inhibit security threats and enhance security in the east coast of Sabah. This analysis employed an in-depth interview with the stakeholders involved in security governance and development in the study area. The selection of stakeholders was based on expert sampling. Secondary data relating to maritime economic activities were also used to reinforce the findings of the in-depth interview. The study areas were Tawau (Sabah) and Sebatik Island. Sebatik Island is divided into two regions; the northern region is owned by Malaysia and the south is owned by Indonesia. This report examined the impact of ESSZONE's security policy toward economic activities in Tawau and Sebatik Island. The security policy implemented by the Eastern Sabah Security Command (ESSCOM) in Sabah's east coast has a negative impact on maritime economic activities in Tawau and Pulau Sebatik. Therefore, the government must re-evaluate the security measures in Tawau and Pulau Sebatik waters, and the curfew regulations in particular, because the security threat is lower and more manageable than in Sandakan, Tawau, Kunak, Lahad Datu, Semporna, and Kinabatangan, which form the hot spot area. Furthermore, the government should consider appropriate measures to balance the objectives of security and economic interests, depending on the level of security threat zones. 
Influence of Lateral Transshipment Policy on Supply Chain Performance: A Stochastic Demand Case. Considering the supply chain consists of one supplier and two retailers, we construct the system's dynamic models which face stochastic demand in the case of non-lateral transshipment (NLT), unidirectional lateral transshipment (ULT) and bidirectional lateral transshipment (BLT). Numerical example simulation experiments of these models were run on Venple. We adopt customer demand satisfaction rate and total inventory as performance indicators of supply chain. Through the comparative of the simulation results with the NLT policy, we analyze the influence of ULT policy and BLT policy on system performance. It shows that, if retailers face the same random distribution demand, lateral transshipment policy can effectively improve the performance of supply chain system; if the retailers face different random distribution demand, lateral transshipment policy cannot effectively improve the performance of supply chain systems, even reduce system's customer demand satisfaction rate, and increase system inventory variation. 
Structural Holes and Banner-Ad Click-Throughs. This report examines the impact of social capital on advertising performance in an online social network. Specifically, we show that a widely-employed measure of social capital-network constraint-explains variation in the number of click-throughs received by 5986 banner advertisements appearing on 25 Twitter-related websites. As predicted, banner advertisements receive significantly more clicks when placed on websites that bridge structural holes, i. e. bridge otherwise disconnected segments of the network. of these studies directly address whether and how position and function in an online social network impacts measures of advertising effectiveness. In short, while the interactive aspects have been examined exhaustively, the networked nature of internet advertising has attracted little or no formal attention from scholars. This report addresses that gap in the literature. Specifically, we show how and why one widely-employed measure of social network structure-network constraint [9]-explains variation in click-throughs on banner advertisements appearing on twenty-five "25" linked websites. 
Backfiring Effect of Uncertain Trade Policy. Constructing a stochastic international trade model where exporting firm faces uncertain trade policy expressed by geometric Brownian motion, we examine the effect of an increase in the trade policy uncertainty on the optimal start time of export. It is revealed that when the trade policy is less uncertain than a threshold level, an increase in the trade policy uncertainty accelerates the optimal exporting timing of export, which is in sharp contrast to the standard result that an increase in the uncertainty postpones the optimal timing. It is also revealed that such a stochastic version of the backfiring effect reduces the world welfare if demand for exported products is low, starting export is costly or future is not important. 
A Game-Theoretic Model for Bystanders' Behaviour in Classes with Bullying. In this report, the behaviour of bystanders in a classroom in which bullying is occurring is analyzed using Game theory. We focus on bystander's behaviour and formulate a threshold model. Our analysis shows that as class sizes become smaller, the probability of bullying being stopped increases. 
Effects of Gas Adsorption on the Mechanical Properties of Amorphous Polymer. This analysis investigates the properties of a polymer-gas mixture formed through diffusion, based on the changes in the partial pressure and observed changes in the impact and tensile strengths owing to the gas dissolution. The high-pressure gas dissolves into a solid-state polymer through diffusion based on the difference in the partial pressure. This dissolved gas is present in the amorphous region within the polymeric material temporarily, which results in the polymer exhibiting different mechanical properties, while the gas remains dissolved in the polymer. In this analysis, the mechanical properties of amorphous polyethylene terephthalate (APET) specimens prepared by dissolving CO 2 using a high-pressure vessel were investigated, and the resulting impact and tensile strengths were measured. These experiments showed that the increase in sorption rate of CO 2 caused an increase in the impact strength. At 2. 9% CO 2 absorption, the impact strength of APET increased 956% compared to that of the reference specimen. Furthermore, the tensile strength decreased by up to 71. 7% at 5. 48% CO 2 sorption; the stress-strain curves varied with the gas sorption rate. This phenomenon can be associated with the change in the volume caused by CO 2 dissolution. When the APET absorbed more than 2. 0% CO 2 gas, sample volume increased. A decrease in the network density can occur when the volume is increased while maintaining constant mass. The CO 2 gas in the polymer acted as a cushion in impact tests which have sorption rates above 2%. In addition to the reduction in the network density in the polymer chain, Van Der Waals forces are decreased causing a decrease in tensile strength only while CO 2 is present in the APET. These observations only occur prior to CO 2 desorption from the polymer. 
Intangible capital and business productivity Intangible capital and business productivity. The importance of intangible capital as a driver of productivity growth is recognised at both macroeconomic and microeconomic levels. However, in general, there is a lack of strong empirical evidence in the relevant literature on the connection between micro and macro approaches. This analysis integrates both perspectives to analyse how internal and external intangible capital influence the productivity of companies and, therefore, economic growth. A model is estimated in which the total factor productivity of companies is explained through their internal and external intangible capital. To this end, regional characteristics are considered in terms of technological endowment, human capital, and entrepreneurial capital. In addition, other agglomeration economies such as regional specialisation and regional productive diversity are also considered. In the empirical application, a panel of companies from the seventeen Spanish regions over the period 2006-2015 is used. The findings suggest that there is a positive effect of intangible capital on companies' productivity and evidence of a spillover effect as a result of local intensities of intangibles. 
Career Incentives of Local Leaders and Residential Land Transfer in China. This analysis investigates the impact of career incentives of local leaders on China's residential land transfer. It constructs the measure of career incentives of local leaders by utilizing a large resume dataset of 1266 city leaders in 292 Chinese cities from 2000 to 2014 according to the method used by Wang et al. (2019). Matching the city leaders data with the residential land transfer data from 2006 to 2014 in 46 Chinese cities, our empirical results show that one-standard-deviation increase in a local leader's career incentive will lead to 12. 29% decrease in residential land transfer area, 27. 35% increase in residential land transfer price, 20. 05% increase in residential land transfer revenue and 2. 99% increase in the ratio of areas transferred through auction to all transferred residential land areas. 
Toward a Collaborative, Transformative Model of Non-Profit Leadership: Some Conceptual Building Blocks. In this report, the authors propose extending the construct of non-profit leadership to accommodate collaborative and transformational themes. The suggestion is that the resultant broader definition accords with the modern context within which non-profits now operate and feeds into a more resilient model of non-profit leadership. The paper begins with a review of emergent trends in leadership theory and the changing context of the non-profit sector. The argument is made that the extraordinary challenges facing the sector signal the need for fresh new perspectives in leadership. The authors then proceed to examine the significance of a nascent non-profit culture point to a re-alignment of the sector that is informed by transformational principles and a values-orientation. The result is said to be a new model of non-profit and public sector leadership that raises important methodological questions which the authors maintain can inform future analyses of the structure, role, and responsibilities of non-profit leadership. Finally, a world of new possibilities is envisioned, one in which non-profit organizations are strategically repositioned to take advantage of a new values-based ethic that is rooted in principles of integrity, increased self-awareness, a collaborative agenda, intentionality, emphasis of followership, cultural competence, and orientation toward the future. 
Does Household Perceptions In uence Enrolment Decisions into Community-Based Health Insurance Schemes in Tanzania?. Background: Several countries including Tanzania, have established voluntary non-pro t insurance schemes, commonly known as community-based health insurance schemes (CBHIs), that typically target rural populations and the informal sector. This report considers the importance of household perceptions towards a CBHIs in Tanzania and their role in explaining the enrolment decision of households. 
A business balance model of interaction between structures participating in sustainable development of cities. The paper considers the following components: business and problems of modernization of former industrial areas, as one of the important trends forming urban development stability. It is revealed that the social factor is not considered, which also prevents city are as from transforming and business from developing. Reconstructing urban space while handling former industrial areas is becoming a growing problem of cities and requires that business community should be involved in this sector. The specific role of business here is that these objects are located in residential neighborhoods and are closely connected with the social factor (population). Itimplies that the social factor need to be considered and leads to additional costs. Business does not want to participate in bearing these costs, there is no attractive model, and authorities can not fully cover all the costs by themselves. Citizens protest if the transformations violate their interests, which is accompanied by risks for capital, business and government bodies. Within a market economy, citizens are a business structure too, since they have an impact on capital. To solve the problem it is necessary to search for a new form of interaction between the three structures: business, state andcitizens. The author suggests a new model of interaction between the participants of the process, which, in her opinion, if applied in practice, is able to activate business development and accelerate the transformation of depressed areas, thereby contributing to the sustainable development of a city. 
Eliciting Probabilities, Means, Medians, Variances and Covariances without Assuming Risk Neutrality. We are interested in incentivizing experimental subjects to report their beliefs truthfully, without imposing assumptions on their risk preferences. We prove that if subjects are not risk neutral, it is not possible to elicit subjective probabilities or the mean of a subjective probability distribution truthfully using deterministic payments schemes, which are predominant in the literature. We present a simple randomization trick that transforms deterministic rewards into randomized rewards, such that agents with arbitrary risk preferences report as if they were risk neutral. Using this trick, we show how to elicit probabilities, means, medians, variances and covariances of the underlying distribution without assuming risk neutrality. 
Dividends and Dynamic Solvency Insurance in Two-Dimensional Risk Models. In this report we consider two-dimensional risk models where the claim counting processes of the two classes of business are assumed to be Poisson processes. We assume that the dividends are paid because of the presence of a reflecting upper barrier. Furthermore, in order to avoid ruin, we consider dynamic solvency insurance contracts that depend on two different definitions of time of ruin. We present a rather general model and, under different assumptions, we obtain the equations fulfilled by the discounted dividend payments and by the net single premium of dynamic solvency insurance. We also derive some boundary conditions and provide explicit solutions for some special cases. 
Discrete-Time First-Order Plus Dead-Time Model-Reference Trade-off PID Control Design. The present study proposes a novel proportional-integral-derivative (PID) control design method in discrete time. In the proposed method, a PID controller is designed for first-order plus dead-time (FOPDT) systems so that the prescribed robust stability is accomplished. Furthermore, based on the control performance, the relationship between the servo performance and the regulator performance is a trade-off relationship, and hence, these items are not simultaneously optimized. Therefore, the proposed method provides an optimal design method of the PID parameters for optimizing the reference tracking and disturbance rejection performances, respectively. Even though such a trade-off design method is being actively researched for continuous time, few studies have examined such a method for discrete time. In conventional discrete time methods, the robust stability is not directly prescribed or available systems are restricted to systems for which the dead-time in the continuous time model is an integer multiple of the sampling interval. On the other hand, in the proposed method, even when a discrete time zero is included in the controlled plant, the optimal PID parameters are obtained. In the present study, as well as the other plant parameters, a zero in the FOPDT system is newly normalized, and then, a universal design method is obtained for the FOPDT system with the zero. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated through numerical examples. 
Should the Evolution of Stakeholder Theory Be Discontinued Given Its Limitations?. Evolving views of stakeholder theory propose ways to transform societal problems into win-win solutions for the firm and society alike. Yet, and despite its success in expanding the understanding of the role of the firm in society, stakeholder theory has two main limitations. First, it is anchored in the traditional view of the firm defining it as an entity whose legitimate purpose is the generation of economic value for itself and its owners. Second, it relies on regulation as a compensatory mechanism for the externalities it generates. It is therefore fair to argue that at its current stage of development, stakeholder theory never leaves the confines of economic value maximization. As a result, stakeholder theory generates discussion on how to make its different interpretations comply with and serve the economic purpose instead of proposing a solution creating societal value. We therefore propose to interrupt the evolution of stakeholder theory and suggest a conceptual model derived from the study of best practices of successful firms using an outside-in approach to governance as an alternative. The intent is to redefine the purpose of the firm as one guided by societal goals instead of one driven by the pursuit of profit maximization. 
Chronotype, Risk and Time Preferences, and Financial Behaviour. This report examines the effect of chronotype on the delinquent credit card payments and stock market participation through preference channels. Using an online survey of 455 individuals who have been working for 3 to 8 years in companies in mainland China, the results reveal that morningness is negatively associated with delinquent credit card payments. Morningness also indirectly predicts delinquent credit card payments through time preference, but this relationship only exists when individuals' monthly income is at a low and average level. On the other hand, financial risk preference accounts for the effect of morningness on stock market participation. Consequently, an additional finding is that morningness is positively associated with financial risk preference, which contradicts previous findings in the literature. Finally, based on the empirical evidence, we discuss the plausible mechanisms that may drive these relationships and the implications for theory and practice. The current study contributes to the literature by examining the links between circadian typology and particular financial behaviour of experienced workers. 
Optimal Claiming Strategies in Bonus Malus Systems and Implied Markov Chains. In this report, we investigate the impact of the accident reporting strategy of drivers, within a Bonus-Malus system. We exhibit the induced modification of the corresponding class level transition matrix and derive the optimal reporting strategy for rational drivers. The hunger for bonuses induces optimal thresholds under which, drivers do not claim their losses. Mathematical properties of the induced level class process are studied. A convergent numerical algorithm is provided for computing such thresholds and realistic numerical applications are discussed. 
Risk and Financial Management The Effect of Diversification under Different Ownership Structures and Economic Conditions: Evidence from the Great Recession. The effect of corporate diversification on firm performance has been extensively documented in the literature. In the general finance literature, Kuppuswamy and Villalonga (2015) studied the diversification effect during the 2007-2009 financial crisis and found that diversification adds value in the presence of external financing constraints. Motivated by this finding, we investigate whether a similar effect applies to insurance firms and we develop hypotheses for their different ownership structures (stock vs. mutual insurers; and group vs. non-group affiliated insurers). Using a sample of property-liability insurers over a period of 2004 to 2013, we find that the effect of diversification on performance is contingent on ownership structures and economic conditions. The diversification effect for stock insurers and insurers affiliated with a group is not significantly affected by economic conditions. However, the diversification effect for mutual insurers and non-affiliated insurers is reversed during the financial crisis. More specifically, diversified firms with these kinds of ownership structures perform better than focused firms during normal economic conditions, but their performance was significantly worse during the financial crisis. Our results are robust to alternative measures of performance and diversification, and to corrections for endogeneity. Our study contributes to the diversification literature by showing how the effect of diversification varies with ownership structure under different economic conditions and the results shed light on the specific circumstances in which diversification can improve or reduce performance. 
Research on the Practical Operation Specification of Accounting Treatment of Pilot Enterprises Business Tax Changing to VAT. August 1st, 2013, "Business tax change to VAT" implemented across the China. Based on this, the pilot enterprises and non-pilot enterprises do not exist within the same industry, while the difference of the tax levied of the small scale taxpayer also has been cancelled. This makes the accounting treatment provisions not fully meet to need to the new policy environment and situation of "BT change to VAT", while accounting and bookkeeping processing of the VAT have become a difficulty for pilot enterprises. Using literature retrieval, analogy analysis, judgment and reasoning method and the method of induction and deduction method, aiming at related to the latest change of policy released by the country and accounting treatment provisions to the "BT change to VAT" pilot enterprise released by the ministry of finance, therefore, this report analyses the main business accounting of the "Camp changed to increase" pilot enterprises, and researches the standard operation mode of business accounting and the accounting treatment related to the "BT changed to VAT". 
Study on the Effects of Work Teams on Human Resources Excel-lence. The conception and use of work teams have been one of the main subjects of management researches for the last few decades and in the past years many developments have happened in the kinds and usage of them, which have improved the condition of organizations and human resources management. Our objective in this report is to observe the formation of work teams and how they affect human resources excellence. Finding new and creative solutions for today's intricate situations is becoming more and more difficult and employees can't solve them on their own anymore and this shows and bolds the importance of teamwork and forming work teams. The main objective however in this report is to evaluate the effect of 5 main characteristics of work teams (which are team structure, leadership, control, mutual support and communication) on the 3 main characteristics of human resources excellence (which are delegation, motivation and team work) in Torang Darya Shipping Company. To do so, 200 personnel at the department were randomly selected from 450 personnel by Cochran sample size formula and answered to the research made questionnaire derived from [1] [2] and [3]. The content validity of the questionnaire has been confirmed by the experts and academicians and the reliability has also been confirmed by Chornbach's alpha. Its value was obtained as 84. 0%. The data were analyzed by bi-variable linear regression test and the findings indicated that team structure, leadership, control and communication affect meaningfully on human resources excellence but mutual support doesn't have meaningful effect on human resources excellence. 
Seasonal Adjustment of the Consumer Price Index -Based on the X-13-ARIMA-SEATS Program. This report firstly introduces the significance of seasonal adjustments of the consumer price index (CPI). Then this report focuses on the theory of seasonal adjustments and the ARIMA model with regression. Based on X-13 ARIMA-SEATS program, we develop a statistically robust method to conduct seasonal adjustment on China's monthly CPI with respect to moving holidays, especially, Chinese Spring Festival. It is demonstrated that seasonally adjusted CPI time series are more sensitive and conducive to monitor the macro economy. 
The Effect of Applying Human Resources Information System in Corporate Performance in the Banking Sector in Jordanian Firms. This report aimed to demonstrate the impact of the effectiveness of the Application of human Resources Management System in Corporate Performance which perspective of workers in the Banking Sector in Jordanian Firm, and to achieve the purpose of the study questionnaire was developed to measure the impact of the effectiveness of the Application of human Resources Management System in Corporate Performance, and the sample consists of the study (500) employees in the banking sector, and used statistical methods appropriate to answer the study questions and test hypotheses. The study found asset of results, including: 1) There is a significant effect between the quality of the output of human resources information system and institutional performance in banking sector in the Jordanian firm; 2) There is a statistically significant effect between motives and corporate performance in the banking sector in the Jordanian firm; 3) There is a significant effect between training and organizational performance in the banking sector in the Jordanian firm. The study was presented a set of recommendations, including: activating the role of human resources information system, where still the information system performs the function of traditional supply the decision maker authorized one to read the outputs historical information when they want, either directly or after completing a series of routine procedures that enable it, without that, this applies to access information system to avoid problems that many occur later. Must go beyond human resources information system (HRIS) traditional role in the process of selection and appointment of the new human resource to work in the organization, which is merely providing information to decision makers about the people who stepped forward to fill a job order that differentiation among those application. That the ambitious goal of that system to provide a base for data (data bank) includes all of the details of the employment available in the market. 
Further Results for General Financial Equilibrium Problems via Variational Inequalities. This report is the sequel of the previous papers [1] and [2]. More precisely, we study the regularity of the solutions of the evolutionary variational inequality governing the general financial evolutionary problem. Specifically we obtain that such a solution is continuous and Lipschitz continuous with respect to time and we illustrate the achieved result through numerical examples. Moreover the numerical examples enables us to understand the behaviour of the financial equilibrium and the impact of the components of the model on the financial equilibrium. 
Changes in the Yazidi Society and Religion after the Genocide-A Growing Rapprochement with Human Rights?. In 2014 the troops of the self-proclaimed "Islamic State" conquered the areas of northern Iraq and turned on the long-established religious minorities in the area with tremendous brutality, especially towards the Yazidi. Huge numbers of men were executed; thousands upon thousands of women and children were abducted and wilfully subjected to sexual violence. Although the Yazidi have violated religious rules which have existed for over 800 years by taking women back who have been raped during their captivity at the hands of the IS, they refuse to accept the children resulting from rape by IS terrorists because a person can only be Yazidi by birth. The Yazidis therefore faced with the question as to how far the Yazidi community is coping with the disaster and the new challenges of a changed society with regard to human rights. 
Work-family life balance in a Nigerian banking sector setting ABOUT THE AUTHORS. This analysis examined work-family life in a Nigerian banking sector setting. One hundred and twenty-one (121) commercial bank employees from the North Central region of Nigeria were the participants (females = 37. 5%; age range = 29-56 years). The employees completed measures of work life and work-interference with family conflict (WIFC). The results of the regression analyses showed that work organizational citizenship behaviour was a significant predictor of WIFC (b =. 46, p <. 001) and contributed 31% of the variance in WIFC. The result further revealed that work-role overload significantly predicted WIFC (b =. 33, p <. 001) and contributed 47% of the variance in work interference with family conflict. Job stress significantly predicted WIFC (b =. 36, p <. 001) and contributed 57% of the variance in WIFC. Based on the scarcity hypothesis, the findings of the study suggest that when employees invest resources in their jobs as a result of OCB, work overload and job stress, they tend to experience work-interference with their family lives due to fewer resources allocated to their family roles. 
E-Marketing Development and Its Application in Textile Sector of Pakistan-A Theoretical Review. Textile sector plays very important role in the economy of Pakistan. It contributes in the form of foreign remittances receipts for textile products exports to international markets. At present global environment, the Pakistan textile sector is not fully apply the latest marketing tools to increase exports and market share in the international markets. In this report, we presented the E-marketing development model which explained the whole process of e-marketing application like environmental scanning, review marketing goals, and with considering all 4 Ps to make effective decisions for the textile organizations. This model comprehensively guides the companies for effective decision making regarding the application of e-marketing in the textile sector of Pakistan. This current work attempts application of e-marketing in the textile sector of Pakistan and how this e-technology can be rewarding to promote the textile business of Pakistan in the local and foreign markets. This report also guides the managers to implement e-marketing model in the organizations practically for effective decision making. 
Beijing Salt Company: The Way to Deal with the Salt Reform Program. After the implementation of the Salt Industry System Reform Program, other domestic salt enterprises will compete for the market share of salt in Beijing. With the method of SWOT, this report analyzes the advantages, disadvantages, opportunities and challenges of Beijing Salt Industry Company after the implementation of the salt industry system reform, and puts forward to seize the transition period, make close cooperation with the upstream enterprises; innovate business models, improve the service level; optimize the logistics links, reduce the cost of circulation; enrich product variety, improve the precision marketing; use new packaging, and strengthen the development of counterfeit brand countermeasure. 
Research on the Influence Factors of Brand Experience on Consumers' Brand Loyalty. With the development of society, the world has entered the era of brand internationalization. Brand is the soul of the market, at the same time, brand loyalty, as an important part of brand, has also received attention from many scholars. Customers can clearly measure the brand perception of product through consumption experience, which consists of sensory experience, emotional experience, thinking experience, action experience and related experience. At present, most business models also depend on these five experiences. This report explores the relationship between these five experiences and brand loyalty through a questionnaire survey based on the example of M-Zone. 
Stock Market and Sustainable Economic Growth in Nigeria. This report examines the relationship between stock market evolution and sustainable economic growth in Nigeria. The study employs Auto-Regressive Distributed Lag (ARDL)-bounds testing approach and a combined stock market indicators index to examine the relationship. The paper finds that, in the long run, stock markets have no positive and at best mixed effect on economic growth in Nigeria. This finding supports the numerous past studies, which have reported negative/mixed or inconclusive results on the effects of stock markets on economic growth. The paper, therefore, concludes that, there is the need for increasing financial deepening and the removal of bottlenecks in the financial sectors of the economy by providing further public and institutional education on the value of stock markets for economic development. 
Convergence of Global Solutions to the Cauchy Problem for the Replicator Equation in Spatial Economics. We study the initial-value problem for the replicator equation of the -region Core-Periphery model in spatial economics. The main result shows that if workers are sufficiently agglomerated in a region at the initial time, then the initial-value problem has a unique global solution that converges to the equilibrium solution expressed by full agglomeration in that region. 
IJAB: INDONESIAN JOURNAL OF ACCOUNTING AND BUSINESS EFEKTIVITAS PENGELOLAAN PENDAPATAN ASLI DAERAH (PAD), DANA ALOKASI UMUM (DAU) DAN DANA ALOKASI KHUSUS (DAK) TERHADAP PEREKONOMIAN DAERAH PADA ERA OTONOMI DAERAH DI PROVINSI KEPULAUAN BANGKA BELITUNG. Pelaksanaan otonomi daerah memberikan kebebasan daerah untuk mengatur daerahnya sendiri baik dari segi keuangan maupun kebijakan, hal tersebut berpengaruh terhadap pertumbuhan ekonomi. Pertumbuhan ekonomi yang baik didukung dengan ketersediaan fasilitas dan sarana prasarana yang baik merupakan tujuan setiap daerah yang menerapkan otonomi daerah. Pembangunan fasilitas dan sarana prasarana tersebut didanai dari pendapatan daerah, sehingga semakin optimal penggalian sumber daya maka akan semakin baik. Penelitian bertujuan untuk menganalisis efektivitas pengelolaan PAD, DAU dan DAK serta pengaruh PAD, DAU dan DAK terhadap pertumbuhan ekonomi. Metode yang digunakan adalah deskriptif statistik dengan analisis rasio dan uji regresi linear berganda. Data yang digunakan adalah data sekunder berupa data realisasi PAD, DAU, DAK dan PDRB triwulan dari Tahun 2010-2017 Provinsi Kepulauan Bangka Beitung. Hasil penelitian menunjukkan tingkat pengelolaan PAD sangat efektif, pengelolaan DAU dan DAK cukup efektif. Hasil pengujian regresi linear berganda secara parsial PAD dan DAU berpengaruh positif dan signifikan terhadap pertumbuhan ekonomi sedangkan DAK berpengaruh positif namun tidak signifikan terhadap pertumbuhan ekonomi. Secara simutan PAD, DAU dan DAK berpengaruh positif dan signifikan terhadap pertumbuhan ekonomi. Mengoptimalkan sumber pendapatan daerah terutama PAD sebaiknya dilakukan pemerintah daerah, mengingat kebutuhan fiskal untuk membiayai kebutuhan daerah terutama pelayanan publik semakin meningkat. Hal tersebut merupakan upaya perwujudan untuk meningkatkan kemandirian fiskal daerah. Pertumbuhan ekonomi berfluktuatif, keadaan tertinggi terjadi pada Tahun 2011 sebesar 6,40 persen, dengan sektor tersier memiliki kontribusi terbesar 35,85 persen,. 
Mental and Physical Health Correlates of Financial Difficulties Among African-American Older Adults in Low-Income Areas of Los Angeles. Background: While financial difficulties correlate with mental and physical health status, less is known about these associations among economically disadvantaged African-American (AA) older adults. 
Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm for Optimizing Assignment of Blood in Blood Banking System. This report reports the performance of particle swarm optimization (PSO) for the assignment of blood to meet patients' blood transfusion requests for blood transfusion. While the drive for blood donation lingers, there is need for effective and efficient management of available blood in blood banking systems. Moreover, inherent danger of transfusing wrong blood types to patients, unnecessary importation of blood units from external sources, and wastage of blood products due to nonusage necessitate the development of mathematical models and techniques for effective handling of blood distribution among available blood types in order to minimize wastages and importation from external sources. This gives rise to the blood assignment problem (BAP) introduced recently in literature. We propose a queue and multiple knapsack models with PSO-based solution to address this challenge. Simulation is based on sets of randomly generated data that mimic real-world population distribution of blood types. Results obtained show the efficiency of the proposed algorithm for BAP with no blood units wasted and very low importation, where necessary, from outside the blood bank. The result therefore can serve as a benchmark and basis for decision support tools for real-life deployment. 
Financial Resources for the Circular Economy: A Perspective from Businesses. In recent years, a number of case studies of the circular economy in business have been analysed by academics. However, some areas of research are little explored at the micro level, such as the study of the characteristics of the financial resources applied to investments to introduce circular activities in businesses. Therefore, the main objective of this analysis is to define the resources applied to circular activities by firms. To describe the influence of financial resources on achieving a more advanced circular economy in business is also an objective of this report. Using a sample of Spanish companies, we applied a partial least square structural equation model (PLS-SEM) to enhance the knowledge about financial resource management in the framework of the resource-based view. We find that availability of funds, quality of the firm's own financial resources and public subsidies have a positive effect in stimulating the implementation of circular economy initiatives in businesses. 
Open Innovation Competency of Design Enterprises to Outsourcing Service. Recently many enterprises have been in need of design outsourcing services through which they can form creative ideas and innovations. In this respect, the innovation competency of design consulting firms is unprecedentedly regarded as a deciding competitive edge. This analysis examines the effects of design innovation competencies as personal innovation competency, organizational innovation competency, and technological innovation competency on the competitiveness of the design outsourcing service in meditating design innovativeness. Data were collected through a survey conducted among 392 design consulting enterprises by way of random sampling over seven regions in Korea. As a result of hypothesis verification, it turned out that the personal innovation competency of designers at design consulting enterprises and technological innovation competency, which represents their design methods and skills, had significant effects on design innovativeness. In contrast, organizational innovation competency showed no significant effects on design innovativeness. For a design consulting enterprise to become an innovative one with better outsourcing service competitiveness, it needs to pursue a strategic direction of strengthening designers' personal innovation and technological design innovation. 
ELECTRONIC WORKSHOPS IN COMPUTING Communication Modeling -The Language/Action Perspective Generic Business Frameworks and Action Modeling Generic Business Frameworks and Action Modelling. The communicative action perspective of business processes and information systems has attracted much attention recently. A viable approach in this area is: Action Workflow. This report investigates the use of Action Workflow as a generic business framework, relating it to the alternative Business as Action game Theory. The latter provides a more exhaustive description of various business actions. Action Workflow is also related to the SIMM approach with Action Diagrams, an action modelling method. A communicative action expansion of this method is suggested in this report. A discussion is performed concerning the relations between generic business frameworks and action modelling methods. 
The Determinants of Market-Implied Recovery Rates. In the presence of recovery risk, the recovery rate is a random variable whose risk-neutral expectation can be inferred from the prices of defaultable instruments. I extract market-implied recovery rates from the term structures of credit default swap spreads for a sample of 497 United States (U. S. ) corporate issuers over the 2005-2014 period. I analyze the explanatory factors of market-implied recovery rates within a linear regression framework and also within a Tobit model, and I compare them with the determinants of historical recovery rates that were previously identified in the literature. In contrast to their historical counterparts, market-implied recovery rates are mostly driven by macroeconomic factors and long-term, issuer-specific variables. Short-term financial variables and industry conditions significantly impact the slope of market-implied recovery rates. These results indicate that the design of a recovery risk model should be based on specific market factors, not on the statistical evidence that is provided by historical recovery rates. 
Future internet Dynamical Trust and Reputation Computation Model for B2C E-Commerce. Trust is one of the most important factors that influence the successful application of network service environments, such as e-commerce, wireless sensor networks, and online social networks. Computation models associated with trust and reputation have been paid special attention in both computer societies and service science in recent years. In this report, a dynamical computation model of reputation for B2C e-commerce is proposed. Firstly, conceptions associated with trust and reputation are introduced, and the mathematical formula of trust for B2C e-commerce is given. Then a dynamical computation model of reputation is further proposed based on the conception of trust and the relationship between trust and reputation. In the proposed model, classical varying processes of reputation of B2C e-commerce are discussed. Furthermore, the iterative trust and reputation computation models are formulated via a set of difference equations based on the closed-loop feedback mechanism. Finally, a group of numerical simulation experiments are performed to illustrate the proposed model of trust and reputation. Experimental results show that the proposed model is effective in simulating the dynamical processes of trust and reputation for B2C e-commerce. 
The Research of Design of Human Resource Recruitment System Based on the Total Relationship Flow Management Theorems. With the development of knowledge economy, organizational strategic resource is more than the physical production such as capital, and it also includes the human resources characterized by skills, knowledge and intelligence. Recruitment as the first part of introducing talents, its quality directly influences the effect of introducing talents, more related to the long-term development of the enterprise. Therefore, building perfect recruitment system is not only an important part of the enterprise to get the resource, but also the key to support enterprise strategy implementation. Based on the total relationship flow management theory, this report put forward suggestions to build an perfect recruitment system though designing the behaviors of the recruitment system, determining the appropriate relationship flow, and paying attention to time delay and system maintenance. 
Summary of Principal-Agent Mechanism. Studying of the relationship between principal and agent in the academic community has caused widespread concern. It is also an inherent problem in actual management. This thesis proposes that most of researches pay attention on unilateral incentive and supervision mechanism through making a summary on many Chinese and foreign article. After reviewing of relevant research, this report puts forward the direction of future research that governance mechanism can be combined with a variety of methods to study to classify governance mechanisms, the way the agent works together to ease agency question and so on. This report hopes to provide a useful reference for future research. 
Deep Arbitrage-Free Learning in a Generalized HJM Framework via Arbitrage-Regularization. A regularization approach to model selection, within a generalized HJM framework, is introduced, which learns the closest arbitrage-free model to a prespecified factor model. This optimization problem is represented as the limit of a one-parameter family of computationally tractable penalized model selection tasks. General theoretical results are derived and then specialized to affine term-structure models where new types of arbitrage-free machine learning models for the forward-rate curve are estimated numerically and compared to classical short-rate and the dynamic Nelson-Siegel factor models. 
Use of 3D Human Liver Organoids to Predict Drug-Induced Phospholipidosis. Drug-induced phospholipidosis (PL) is a storage disorder caused by the formation of phospholipid-drug complexes in lysosomes. Because of the diversity of PL between species, human cell-based assays have been used to predict drug-induced PL in humans. We established three-dimensional (3D) human liver organoids as described previously and investigated their liver characteristics through multiple analyses. Drug-induced PL was initiated in these organoids and in monolayer HepG2 cultures, and cellular changes were systemically examined. Organoids that underwent differentiation showed characteristics of hepatocytes rather than HepG2 cells. The organoids also survived under PL-inducing drug conditions for 48 h and maintained a more stable albumin secretion level than the HepG2 cells. More cytoplasmic vacuoles were observed in organoids and HepG2 cells treated with more potent PL-induced drugs, but to a greater extent in organoids than in HepG2 cells. Lysosome-associated membrane protein 2, a marker of lysosome membranes, showed a stronger immunohistochemical signal in the organoids. PL-distinctive lamellar bodies were observed only in amiodarone-treated organoids by transmission electron microscopy. Human liver organoids are thus more sensitive to drug-induced PL and less affected by cytotoxicity than HepG2 cells. Since PL is a chronic condition, these results indicate that organoids better reflect metabolite-mediated hepatotoxicity in vivo and could be a valuable system for evaluating the phospholipidogenic effects of different compounds during drug development. 
An Analysis of the Influence of Fundamental Values' Estimation Accuracy on Financial Markets. This research analyzed the influence of the differences in the forecast accuracy of fundamental values on the financial market. As a result of intensive experiments in the market, we made the following interesting findings: 1 improvements in forecast accuracy of fundamentalists can contribute to an increase in the number of fundamentalists; 2 certain situations might occur, according to the level of forecast accuracy of fundamentalists, in which fundamentalists and passive management coexist, or in which fundamentalists die out of the market, and furthermore; 3 where a variety of investors exist in the market, improvements in the forecast accuracy could increase the number of fundamentalists more than the number of investors that employ passive investment strategy. These results contribute to clarifying the mechanism of price fluctuations in financial markets and also indicate one of the factors for the low ratio of passive investors in asset management business. 
Virtual Agglomeration of Producer Services and the Changing Geography of Innovation Systems: Implications for Developing Countries. The rapid development of new generation of information and communication technology (ICT) has changed the traditional mode of service spatial configuration. A virtual agglomeration mode of producer service via internet platform is forming and reshaping the spatial organization structure of service industry. Producer services usually show the characteristics of high added value, high knowledge talents and high technology content, which can meet the diversified needs of complex innovation process in the manufacturing industries. Therefore, this report explores the impact of virtual agglomeration of producer services on the manufacturing enterprises' innovation performance and the changing geography of innovation systems. Compared with the traditional entity agglomeration model, the virtual agglomeration of producer services breaks through the time and space limitations of traditional service provision. It can realize the scale economy effect and knowledge spillover effect in a larger scope, reduce the service input cost, improve the quality of service allocation, and reshape the regional innovation ecosystem. Furthermore, this article conducts a data statistics and a case analysis, and finally puts forward implications for the integration of virtual agglomeration of producer services and manufacturing innovation process especially for enterprises in the developing countries. 
Impacts of Financial Inclusion on Non-Performing Loans of Commercial Banks: Evidence from China. Non-performing loans of commercial banks have long hampered the development of the banking sector, and directly reflect the credit risk and asset quality. With the continuous development of the financial industry, the introduction of financial inclusion has greatly eased the shortage of funds, and narrowed the gap between poor and rich. However, whether the promotion of financial inclusion in the financial industry could affect the non-performing loans of commercial banks has not been verified. Therefore, this report discusses the possible associations between financial inclusion and non-performing loans of commercial banks on the regional level, constructs a panel data model by selecting the data of 31 provinces (including 4 municipalities) in China from 2005 to 2016, and uses the fixed effect model for empirical test. The empirical results (from an overall national sample) reveal a negative impact of the financial inclusion on non-performing loans. Moreover, the development of the banking sector and the regional consumption could enhance the impact of financial inclusion, while government intervention and unemployment could reduce the impact of financial inclusion. From the analysis of the regional sample, when the development of financial inclusion reaches a high level, the lagged financial inclusion promote the non-performing loans of commercial banks; however, when the financial inclusion is underdeveloped, the development of commercial banks act as a disincentive to non-performing loans. Therefore, the local governments should pay more attention to the influences of financial inclusion on the financial industry, in order to maintain the stability of banking asset quality. In addition, the negative impact of financial inclusion on non-performing loans of commercial banks is significant in China central region, while its impacts in China eastern and western regions are not significant. This indicates that the development of the financial industry and economy can hamper the effects of financial inclusion. It is necessary to adjust the financial resource allocation according to the characteristics of different regions in China, so that the financial inclusion can effectively promote the regional financial industry upgrade, improve regional capital flow efficiency, and fundamentally reduce the non-performing loans of commercial banks. According to the sample analysis by time, there is a significant negative impact relationship between inclusive finance and commercial banks' non-performing loans after the financial crisis, while the impacts before and during the financial crisis are not significant. This demonstrates that the impact of the global financial crisis on China's regional economy has further enhanced the inefficiency of the inclusive financial system on credit risk, which in turn, helps commercial banks better maintain asset quality stability. 
Polymers Recent Advances in Organic Thermoelectric Materials: Principle Mechanisms and Emerging Carbon-Based Green Energy Materials. Thermoelectric devices have recently attracted considerable interest owing to their unique ability of converting heat to electrical energy in an environmentally efficient manner. These devices are promising as alternative power generators for harvesting electrical energy compared to conventional batteries. Inorganic crystalline semiconductors have dominated the thermoelectric material fields; however, their application has been restricted by their intrinsic high toxicity, fragility, and high cost. 
Space, place and (waiting) time: reflections on health policy and politics. Health systems have repeatedly addressed concerns about efficiency and equity by employing trans-national comparisons to draw out the strengths and weaknesses of specific policy initiatives. This report demonstrates the potential for explicit historical analysis of waiting times for hospital treatment to add value to spatial comparative methodologies. Waiting times and the size of the lists of waiting patients have become key operational indicators. In the United Kingdom, as National Health Service (NHS) financial pressures intensified from the 1970s, waiting times have become a topic for regular public and political debate. Various explanations for waiting times include the following: hospital consultants manipulate NHS waiting lists to maintain their private practice; there is under-investment in the NHS; and available (and adequate) resources are being used inefficiently. Other countries have also experienced ongoing tensions between the public and private delivery of universal health care in which national and trans-national comparisons of waiting times have been regularly used. The paper discusses the development of key UK policies, and provides a limited Canadian comparative perspective, to explore wider issues, including whether 'waiting crises' were consciously used by policymakers, especially those brought into government to implement new economic and managerial strategies, to diminish the autonomy and authority of the medical professional in the hospital environment. 
Committee on board: Does it matter? A study of Indonesian Sharia-listed firms ABOUT THE AUTHORS. The committee on board includes audit committee and nomination committee that currently has been questioned as to whether the firm value is also affected by the committees' performance that has been the subject of attention. Apparently, this analysis is the first to attempt providing an evidence of committees' role on to the extent of its contribution to firm value in the context of Indonesian Sharia-listed firms as the establishment of Islamic-compliance firms is currently experiencing an upward trend in many countries. Hence it is enticing to examine the impact of committee on board as part of corporate governance mechanisms on firm value in the Indonesian Sharia-listed firms. Using an Indonesian Sharia-listed firms which counts for 30 firms in the quarterly period of 2009 to 2015, this analysis employs a 720 balanced panel, using Generalized Least Square. The results reveal that the audit committee and the nomination committee have a significant impact on firm value (Tobin's Q). The non-significant result for ROA suggesting that the mixed measured of book and market is viewed more reliable for investors as it indicates the overall performance measure. Meanwhile the result of the number of audit committee meeting yielded no significant impact on firm value; this may be due to no restrictions on the number of positions of audit committee serves in firms, therefore,. 
A Dual-Channel Supply Chain Coordination under Carbon Cap-and-Trade Regulation. We consider a dual-channel supply chain coordination under a carbon cap-and-trade regulation. The dual-channel refers to the traditional retail channel and the network direct channel, and both two channels' selling prices can affect the market demand. We formulate the problem as a supplier-Stackelberg game model and obtain the optimal pricing decisions and corresponding profits in centralized and decentralized systems. We explore the effects of cap-and-trade regulation on optimal decisions and profits. To improve the performance of the decentralized system, we propose online channel price discount and offline channel price discount contracts to coordinate dual-channel supply chain and provide a transfer payment mechanism to make win-win of both sides. Moreover, we investigate how carbon regulation affects the coordination performance. Numerical examples illustrate the process to find the appropriate price discount coefficient and show the coordination effects of two contracts. 
Total Worker Health: A Small Business Leader Perspective. Total Worker Health (r) (TWH) frameworks call for attention to organizational leadership in the implementation and effectiveness of TWH approaches. It is especially important to study this within in the small business environment where employees face significant health, safety, and well-being concerns and employers face barriers to addressing these concerns. The purpose of this analysis was to gain a better understanding of how small business leaders perceive employee health, safety, and well-being in the context of their own actions. We conducted semi-structured interviews with 18 small business senior leaders and used a qualitative coding approach to analyze the transcripts to determine the frequency with which leaders discussed each code. When we asked leaders about their leadership practices for health, safety, and well-being, leaders reflected upon their business (65%), themselves (28%), and their employees (7%). Leaders rarely discussed the ways in which they integrate health, safety, and well-being. The interviews demonstrate that small business leaders care about the health of their employees, but because of the perceived value to their business, not to employees or themselves. Thus, they may lack the knowledge and skills to be successful TWH leaders. The present study supports a need for continued small business TWH leadership research. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Market Reactions to Supply Chain Management Excellence. A highly-respected public recognition of supply chain management (SCM) excellence is the Supply Chain Top 25 List, published annually by AMR Research. By employing event study method, this analysis extensively examined stock market reactions to annual announcements of the AMR Supply Chain Top 25 List, under various market scenarios. The results showed that SCM leading firms consistently outperform market portfolios around annual press-release dates. The mean abnormal returns observed in the event window (0, +1) were positive and statistically significant. In addition, the findings were robust across different estimation models and various market indexes adopted in the event study. At the same time, it is worth noting that the event effect on market performance was temporary and diminished within 5 trading days. This analysis makes contributions to the growing body of knowledge on the strategic values of firm reputation in general, and for SCM excellence in particular. 
Risk Assessment in PPP Projects by Applying Different MCDM Methods and Comparative Results Analysis. Recently, risk assessment has become one of the most challenging issues in the areas of construction and public-private partnerships (PPPs). To address risk assessment issues, various decision-making techniques have been proposed, each with its own specific disadvantages and advantages. This report investigates step-wise weight assessment ratio analysis (SWARA), complex proportional assessment (COPRAS), fuzzy analytic network process (FANP), fuzzy analytic hierarchy process (FAHP), fuzzy technique for order of preference by similarity to ideal solution (FTOPSIS), simple additive weighting (SAW) and evaluation based on distance from average solution (EDAS) in order to define how various multi-attribute decision-making (MADM) methods compare when used for risk assessment in PPP projects. For this analysis, 5 risk assessment criteria and 10 types of risk used in Iranian highway PPP projects were selected. Four suitability and applicability tests were used to measure agreement between the rankings derived from the MADM methods. Final results show that all techniques had approximately the same rankings of risk assessment, with the SWARA, COPRAS, and EDAS methods performing slightly better. The findings of this analysis will help the parties in PPP and construction projects to select the best risk assessment method. 
Lunch Bucket D&I: Turning Diversity and Inclusion into Competitive Advantage at UMUC Europe. All post-secondary institutions proclaim a commitment to diversity and inclusion (D&I); it is precisely the universality of these pronouncements that disqualify them as a source of competitive advantage as the term is properly understood-something valuable, rare, inimitable, and non-substitutable. This report describes a more expansive approach to diversity and inclusion undertaken at University of Maryland University College Europe, which has advanced D&I's role and contribution from providing compliance and advocacy to creation and promotion of competitive advantage, using examples from its MBA program to illustrate key concepts. Coined "lunch-bucket D&I", the approach honors traditional D&I initiatives and programs, but adds a supplemental focus on integration of embedded inclusive practices into the daily work of students, faculty, and staff to create a uniquely inclusive environment that attracts and retains top talent. Combined with its formal D&I programs and Speak Up! initiatives, UMUC Europe's "lunch bucket D&I" approach demonstrates the potential for D&I to be leveraged to create true competitive advantage in post-secondary education. 
Rating a Wildfire Mitigation Strategy with an Insurance Premium: A Boreal Forest Case Study. Risk analysis entails the systematic use of historical information to determine the frequency, magnitude and effects of unexpected events. Wildfire in boreal North America is a key driver of forest dynamics and may cause very significant economic losses. An actuarial approach to risk analysis based on cumulative probability distributions was developed to reduce the adverse effects of wildfire. To this effect, we developed spatially explicit landscape models to simulate the interactions between harvest, fire and forest succession over time in a boreal forest of eastern Canada. We estimated the amount of reduction of timber harvest necessary to build a buffer stock of sufficient size to cover fire losses and compared it to an insurance premium estimated in units of timber volume from the probability of occurrence and the amount of damage. Overall, the timber harvest reduction we applied was much more costly than the insurance premium even with a zero interest rate. This is due to the fact that the insurance premium is directly related to risk while the timber harvest reduction is not and, as a consequence, is much less efficient. These results, especially the comparison with a standard indicator such as an insurance premium, have useful implications at the time of choosing a mitigation strategy to protect timber supplies against risk without overly diminishing the provision of services from the forest. They are also promoting the use of insurance against disastrous events in forest management planning. 
Financial Analysis of International Energy Trade: A Strategic Outlook for EU-15. This analysis aims to analyse the international energy trade in EU-15. Within this context, 6 items of international transport and energy trade have been selected to evaluate the performance of European Union (EU) 15 countries. For this purpose, a comparative analysis has been applied by including and excluding the data of energy trade in international transport for the years between 2013 and 2016. In this framework, interval type-2 fuzzy decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL) and technique for order preference by similarity to ideal solution (TOPSIS) approaches are considered. The findings show that road and sea have the highest importance for international transport and energy trade. However, pipeline and electricity, which represent the energy trade, take place on the last ranks. Another important conclusion is that there is almost no difference in the ranking of international transport performance including and excluding energy trade. While considering these issues, it is recommended that that European countries should take some actions to increase the energy production. The main reason is that it has a positive influence on both international trade volume and industrial production. Thus, they can focus on renewable energy production which leads to lower cost in this process. 
Economic Reform, Labour Markets and Informal Sector Employment: Evidence from India. Theory and economic intuition suggest that domestic institutions influence the employment impact of economic reform, but the evidence base is thin. This report seeks to address this by examining the extent to which differences in regional labour market flexibility shaped the impact of unanticipated economic reforms on employment in informal (unregistered) manufacturing enterprises in India (1990India ( -2001. It employs a difference-in-differences strategy and finds that tariff reductions are not associated with significant employment shifts in informal enterprises, a finding that may be attributable to the fact that these enterprises rarely engage in international trade. However, on average and ceteris paribus, delicensing (FDI reform) is associated with statistically significant increases (increases) in informal employment and informal enterprise numbers in inflexible (flexible) labour markets. There is some evidence that the delicensing effect is attributable to increases in product market competition in delicensed industries. However, the channel underlying the result associated with FDI reform is less clear. In light of the persistent primacy of the informal sector in India and other developing economies, these findings have substantial policy relevance. 
A patient-centric approach to improve health care services ABOUT THE AUTHORS PUBLIC INTEREST STATEMENT. This research proposes a diagnostics and improvement approach based on Total Quality Management to apply in cancer health care services systems. The proposed approach adopts the integrated use of process failure mode and effects analysis (PFMEA) and the current reality tree (CRT) from the Theory of Constraints Thinking Process. The utilization of those methodologies explores the strengths of each approach and it was implemented in two steps. Initially, CRT was built targeting the identification of the primary causes of low speed of service and the secondary elements that form the link between the focal problem and the primary causes. Next, the CRT data were utilized to create the PFMEA. To analyze the proposed model, a case study was applied in the radiotherapy service authorization process in a large Brazilian hospital. The main results permitted the definition of a set of actions to eliminate or reduce the failure modes in health care systems. In addition to that, one of the advantages of the approach proposed and applied is the identification of the root causes (RC) of the problem in flow management of patients, the undesirable effects of these causes and the prioritization of the improvement actions. The approach enables managers and decision-makers in health care systems to identify the global RC of. 
Foreign Direct Investment, Trade Openness and Economic Growth: Evidence from Ghana. This article investigates the relationship among foreign direct investment, trade openness and economic growth in Ghana taking the period of post-liberalization covering 1975-2017. The Augmented Dickey-Fuller (ADF) test for unit root, regression analysis, descriptive analysis, and Pearson correlation was used to investigate the relationships. ADF test for unit root result shows all variables to be integrated of order one, that is they are stationary after the first difference. The study extracted and used secondary data sources derived from the World Development Indicators (WDI) of the World Bank and Bank of Ghana website over the period 1975-2017. The study proxied foreign direct investment, inflation, and trade openness were used as an independent indicator while GDP growth (annual %) was the dependent indicator. Using the Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) estimator, the study revealed that trade openness is the main factor affecting GDP growth (annual %) in Ghana. Also, the study finds that foreign direct investment and Inflation had (-, or +) impact but were not statistically significant on GDP growth (annual %). Therefore, the study concludes by recommending robust measures to enhance trade openness in terms of encouraging exports and inflow of FDI through the creation of an enabling and friendly environment to do business for output growth dynamics in Ghana. 
The Differentiated Pricing Strategy or Hotel under Dual-Channel Reservation Forms. The modern information network environment largely changed consumer habits. Hotel Reservation way becomes increasingly diversified. By building the traditional and Internet booking ways' demand functions which were linear in self-and cross-price effects and the hotel revenue function, we determine the optimal pricing strategy of the hotel's Internet booking way. The effect of the optimal strategy is also discussed, and numerical simulation verifies that the optimal strategy can greatly improve the hotel revenue. All of the research propositions help hotel managers make deeper understanding of fixed room quantity's influence on pricing strategies, and provide managers the basis of pricing strategy. 
Comparison of the JNC7 and The National Health Insurance System-National Health Screening Cohort (NHIS-HEALS) and Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES). The optimal blood pressure (BP) guidelines in Asian populations have not been determined. We compared all-cause and cardiovascular mortality based on the Joint National Committee 7 (JNC7) and were utilized. BPs were classified into three groups according to each guideline, and survival rates were analyzed with Kaplan-Meier curves and log-rank tests. Hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated using multivariable cox regression analyses, and the discriminatory ability for clinical outcomes was assessed by Harrell's C-indexes. The JNC7 guidelines demonstrated a linear association between BP levels and survival outcomes. Adjusted HRs from the JNC7 guidelines differentiated the hypertension group (>=140/90) from the pre (130/80-139/89) and normal (<130 and <80) BP groups in clinical outcomes. In contrast, the 2017 ACC/AHA guidelines showed inconsistent survival outcomes according to BP classification (normal: <120 and <80, elevated: 120-129, and <80, and HTN: >=130/80). According to Harrell's C-indexes, the JNC7 guidelines had greater discrimination ability in survival outcomes in the NHIS-HEALS dataset. Our results suggest that the JNC7 guidelines are more appropriate than the 2017 ACC/AHA guidelines in Korean populations. 
Remote sensing Early Detection of Invasive Exotic Trees Using UAV and Manned Aircraft Multispectral and LiDAR Data. Exotic conifers can provide significant ecosystem services, but in some environments, they have become invasive and threaten indigenous ecosystems. In New Zealand, this phenomenon is of considerable concern as the area occupied by invasive exotic trees is large and increasing rapidly. Remote sensing methods offer a potential means of identifying and monitoring land infested by these trees, enabling managers to efficiently allocate resources for their control. In this analysis, we sought to develop methods for remote detection of exotic invasive trees, namely Pinus sylvestris and P. ponderosa. Critically, the study aimed to detect these species prior to the onset of maturity and coning as this is important for preventing further spread. In the study environment in New Zealand's South Island, these species reach maturity and begin bearing cones at a young age. As such, detection of these smaller individuals requires specialist methods and very high-resolution remote sensing data. We examined the efficacy of classifiers developed using two machine learning algorithms with multispectral and laser scanning data collected from two platforms-manned aircraft and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV). The study focused on a localized conifer invasion originating from a multi-species pine shelter belt in a grassland environment. This environment provided a useful means of defining the detection thresholds of the methods and technologies employed. An extensive field dataset including over 17,000 trees (height range = 1 cm to 476 cm) was used as an independent validation dataset for the detection methods developed. We found that data from both platforms and using both logistic regression and random forests for classification provided highly accurate (kappa < 0. 996) detection of invasive conifers. Our analysis showed that the data from both UAV and manned aircraft was useful for detecting trees down to 1 m in height and therefore shorter than 99. 3% of the coning individuals in the study dataset. We also explored the relative contribution of both multispectral and airborne laser scanning (ALS) data in the detection of invasive trees through fitting classification models with different combinations of predictors and found that the most useful models included data from both sensors. However, the combination of ALS and multispectral data did not significantly improve classification accuracy. We believe that this was due to the simplistic vegetation and terrain structure in the study site that resulted in uncomplicated separability of invasive conifers from other vegetation. This analysis provides valuable new knowledge of the efficacy of detecting invasive conifers prior to the onset of coning using high-resolution data from UAV and manned aircraft. This will be an important tool in managing the spread of these important invasive plants. 
The Effect of Proactive Personality on Individual Improvisation: The Moderating Role of Job Autonomy. The trigger mechanism of individual improvisation needs further research. Based on social cognitive theory and job characteristics model theory, this report establishes the relationship model between proactive personality and individual improvisation, regarding self-efficacy as a mediator and job autonomy as a moderator. Through regression analysis of 298 samples, the results show that proactive personality is positively related to individual improvisation, and self-efficacy plays a role of intermediary mechanism in this relationship. Besides, we also find out that job autonomy has a regulatory effect on the relationship between self-efficacy and individual improvisation. This research provides a reference for arousing and managing individual improvisation. 
The Quiet Violence of Rape: Unnamed Survivors, Unnameable Scars. Rape narratives have often focused on race. Unfortunately, the long term psychological damage survivors suffer is often disregarded or not treated seriously. Even reported cases are sometimes removed from the court roll without the knowledge of the survivors. The present study aims to highlight the lifelong impact of rape on the survivors by analysing literary texts that feature rape both in South Africa and elsewhere. Rape is often gendered; however, I argue that ascribing rape to women only is patently abysmal because men are too victimized. The permanent psychological damage caused by rape is often understated; therefore rapists may be aware only of the physical pain they inflict. Rape is a crime of power, which is informed by patriarchy, hate, a sense of entitlement, a penchant for body control, a "threatened" masculinity and a herd mentality. The violation often results in desperate actions such as suicide, homicide, self-blame, and identity-confusion. Silence remains the most conspicuous and disturbing commonality among the survivors; hence the paper uses Noelle-Neumann's (1974: p. 43) spiral of silence theory to understand the survivors' silence. Some of the prevailing reasons for silence are economic dependence, cultural dictates, immaturity, fear of social isolation, as well as the inattentive legal system. It is critical to note that rape cuts across time, space, culture, gender, race and class. It is a global phenomenon; hence I examine rape in three geographically disparate novels; Aidoo's Changes (Ghana), Angelou's I know Why the Caged Bird Sings (USA) and Duiker's The Quiet Violence of Dreams (South Africa) as well as other textual accounts in order to elucidate the impact of rape on survivors. Finally, I argue that programs developed to deal with the scourge should be based on credible and reliable analysis of the rape pandemic. 
The Legal Basis of Depositor's Fund in Banking Systems: A Comparative Analysis. Banks generate a huge amount of profits by earning more money than what they pay in return to the customers although they depend heavily on depositor funds such as current and savings accounts. There are some reasons for banks not to return a part of the profits generated to the customers; one of the reasons is related to the legal basis in which the deposits are received. The paper examines, the legal basis of depositor accounts taking into consideration various legal and juristic views as expressed by scholars from different schools of law with the view of proposing specific solutions so as to ensure a fair distribution of profits between banks and their customers. 
Demographics and Asset Markets: A Survey of the Literature. This report surveys the theoretical and empirical literature examining the effects of population age structure on financial asset prices, including critical reviews of the methodologies used and an evaluation of contradictory results. The survey focuses on the effects of the Baby Boom generation on asset prices, and in particular, the question of the asset meltdown hypothesis (AMH). The existing literature reveals that an asset meltdown may never eventuate nevertheless it remains plausible that ageing of the Baby Boomers will have a significant negative impact on asset prices. The previous studies were based on where the proportion of the old age population is relatively low. With the first Baby Boomers reaching 65 years of age in 2011 this proportion is projected to increase substantially and hence the effect is reinforced. Thus new research is needed to address the unresolved issues given that population ageing has serious policy issues in the developed economies. iour of individuals over the different stages of their lives Modigliani and Brumberg [1], Ando and Modigliani [2]. The theory posits that the saving behaviour of the households (save during the working age and dis-save during the retire-How to cite this report: Thenuwara, W. , Siriwardana, M. and Hoang, N. (2017) Demographics and Asset Markets: A Survey of the Literature. Theoretical Economics Letters, 7, 782-794. 
Financial Risk Measurement and Prediction Modelling for Sustainable Development of Business Entities Using Regression Analysis. The issue of the debt, bankruptcy or non-bankruptcy of a company is presented in this article as one of the ways of conceiving risk management. We use the Amadeus database to obtain the financial and accounting data of Slovak enterprises from 2015 and 2016 to calculate the most important financial ratios that may affect the financial health of the company. The main aim of the article is to reveal financial risks of Slovak entities and to form a prediction model, which is done by the identification of significant predictors having an impact on the health of Slovak companies and their future prosperity. Realizing the multiple regression analysis, we identified the significant predictors in conditions of the specific economic environment to estimate the corporate prosperity and profitability. The results gained in the research are extra important for companies themselves, but also for their business partners, suppliers and creditors to eliminate financial and other corporate risks related to the unhealthy or unfavorable financial situation of the company. 
The Effect of the Relationship Characteristics and Social Capital of the Sharing Economy Business on the Social Network, Relationship Competitive Advantage, and Continuance Commitment. This analysis assessed relationship characteristics and social capital from the perspective of interdependent linkage between sharing economy businesses and consumers, which can create the social network and relationship competitive advantage. It verified the importance of the creative production process of the value network of sharing economy businesses. For this purpose, the statistical techniques were used to perform frequency, reliability/validity, suitability, and path analyses on 522 subjects active in sharing economy service communities. A structural model was thus proposed. The results of the study are as follows. First, the results of the path analysis between the relationship characteristics and social network (social relationships, social commitment) of sharing economy businesses showed that mutual influence and emotional connection had a significant effect on social relationships, and mutual influence, sense of belonging, and emotional connection had a significant effect on social commitment. Second, the results of the path analysis between social capital and social network (social relationships, social commitment) of sharing economy businesses showed that pursuit for self-fulfillment, social participation, and pleasure had a significant effect on social commitment. Third, the results of the path analysis between the social relationships, social commitment, relationship competitive advantage, and continuance commitment of sharing economy businesses showed that social relationships and social commitment had a significant effect on relationship competitive advantage, while relationship competitive advantage had a significant effect on continuance commitment. 
A Meta-Analysis on Locus of Control and Ethical Compliance among Professional Auditors in Nigeria. This analysis meta-analytically pooled and synthesized thirty studies related to ethical compliance and locus of control in the light of auditors' independence and public and professional commitment. This was informed by the increasing corporate and audit failures recorded in the early 2000s despite existing professional ethics. Qualitative information were obtained from synthesized related studies and coded into quantitative data for analysis. The translated data were tested using OLS with the E-view 9 software for correlation and regression analyses. The regression analysis revealed a strong positive relationship between locus of control and ethical compliance, hence, the only hypothesis in the study was rejected, and the conclusion of the study is that, "ethical compliance is a function of an individual accountant or auditor's locus of control". Consequently, the study recommends that professional bodies and institutions should consider personality factors in the setting and implementation of professional ethics. 
So you want to be a policy entrepreneur?. Policy entrepreneurs are energetic actors who engage in collaborative efforts in and around government to promote policy innovations. Given the enormous challenges now facing humanity, the need is great for such actors to step forward and catalyze change processes. Academic research on policy entrepreneurs has flourished over recent years and, as a result, we know a lot about what makes for effective policy entrepreneurship. This article summarizes that research and offers insights for those who aspire to be policy entrepreneurs. The work of policy entrepreneurs involves various strategies, including (1) problem framing, (2) using and expanding networks, (3) working with advocacy coalitions, (4) leading by example, and (5) scaling up change processes. These strategies call for sophisticated deployment of a range of attributes and skills enumerated here, many of which can be nurtured and taught. 
A Note on Wage Inequality, Technology, and Trade. Zeira (2007) presents a two-country model of endogenous technology and trade, illustrating that trade liberalization reduces wage inequality in developing countries. The result contrasts the current outsourcing trade literature; the conflict is due to the critical assumption made in his model that "the most rewarding technologies are invested first. " If we relax this assumption, or allow the technology frontier to foster labor gains in all existing industries, then Zeira's model is, in fact, consistent with the current outsourcing trade literature. 
Better with Bologna? Tertiary education reform and student outcomes Better with Bologna? Tertiary education reform and student outcomes. Given the scale of the university reform induced by the Bologna Process, little is known about how the reform impacted those most immediately affected: the students. This report uses unique micro data from Humboldt-Universitat zu Berlin, Germany, to estimate treatment effects on student outcomes. Variation in treatment introduction over time and across subjects generates exogenous assignment of students into treatment (Bachelor) and control groups (Diploma). Results indicate that the Bologna reform led to a significant, sizeable increase in the probability of graduating within planned instructional time; it also decreased standardized study duration and worsened final grades in the treatment group. 
Priming of Solanum melongena L. Seeds Enhances Germination, Alters Antioxidant Enzymes, Modulates ROS, and Improves Early Seedling Growth: Indicating Aqueous Garlic Extract as Seed-Priming Bio-Stimulant for Eggplant Production. The current study was aimed to evaluate the seed priming potential of AGE (aqueous garlic extracts) to enhance seed germination and early seedling growth of eggplant. Different concentrations (100, 200, and 300 ug mL -1 ) of AGE were evaluated along with methyl jasmonate (MeJA) and salicylic acid (SA), plant growth regulators with reported seed priming potential whereas, water was taken as a control treatment. Eggplant seeds were primed for 4-, 8-, and 12-h and seed germination traits such germination rate index, germination percentage, mean germination time, and early seedling growth traits such as fresh and dry weights, root, and shoot lengths were observed. Moreover, plant antioxidant enzymes activities and lipid peroxidation levels, soluble protein contents and reactive oxygen species were monitored to establish the stimulatory/inhibitory effects of the treatments. Our results indicate priming potential of AGE, SA, and MeJA to enhance seed germination and early seedling growth in eggplant and the effects were obvious in various morphological and physiological traits. Seed priming significantly altered the antioxidant enzymes activities such as superoxide dismutase (SOD), and peroxidase (POD) with alteration in the reactive oxygen species (ROS). Interestingly, priming duration also affected the bioactivity of these chemicals because seed priming with 300 ug mL -1 AGE for 4 h had a positive influence, however, prolonged exposure to the same concentration inhibited the seed germination process and induced oxidative stress on the seedlings with elevated levels of malondialdehyde (MDA) content. We propose AGE seed priming as a bio-stimulant to enhance seed germination and early seedling growth in eggplant, and the results hence lay the foundation for the preparation of garlic-based compounds to improve vegetables production under plastic tunnels and greenhouse production units. 
Digital, Special, Regular and Long Distance Learning: Under a Phenomenological First Glance. This analysis presents and discusses trough a phenomenologic qualitative method summed up with an empirical insertion in the challenges of an education project on digital education for special, regular students and also a glace to long distance learning and teaching, in an Experimental School in Brazil. The discussions show the complexity but also the possibility of educational advances, to envision the advantages of the respect for students' differences, in parallel to educators support and the significance of the aggregation of traditional methods and modern technologies in learning situations for all possible advantages from emotional to multiple intelligences for better living conditions. 
Integrating the SRM and Lean Paradigms: The Constructs and Measurements. Through integrating the supplier relationship management (SRM) and lean paradigms, this report develops the concept of lean supplier relationship management (LSRM) and examines its relationship with firm performance (FP). The LSRM practices are identified and mapped into: supply flexibility, just-in-time delivery, information integration, and supplier partnership. The developed hypotheses are tested using a sample of 162 Jordanian manufacturing firms. Results show that LSRM practices are positively and significantly correlated with each other, and they have a positive and significant relationship with FP. This analysis contributes to literature by synthesizing SRM and lean constructs, and providing empirical evidence of the relationship between LSRM and FP. The study also contributes to literature through developing an assessment tool for determining the level of adoption of the LSRM practices. Moreover, the study provides a sense of where Jordanian manufacturing firms are today on their journey in the field of LSRM, and provides practical implications for manufacturing firms involved in SRM initiatives. Theoretical Economics Letters plier relationship management (SRM) is one of the main paradigms that is extensively discussed in SCM research area [3] [4] [5]. SRM can be defined as the collaboration between the firm and its suppliers to maintain the flow of needed materials, resources, parts, and information [6] [7]. 
Towards Financial Sustainability of the Hospital Sector in Poland-A Post Hoc Evaluation of Policy Approaches. In Poland, as well as in many other countries around the world, hospitals constitute the cornerstone of health care provision. In 2020, hospitals stand at the frontline of the fight with the coronavirus pandemic, and are facing huge pressures. The issue of supporting the financial sustainability of the hospital sector has become especially important. The objectives of this analysis were to: (1) Provide a retrospective evaluation of the reforms aimed at improving the financial sustainability of hospitals in Poland, adopted and implemented within the last two decades (2000)(2001)(2002)(2003)(2004)(2005)(2006)(2007)(2008)(2009)(2010)(2011)(2012)(2013)(2014)(2015)(2016)(2017)(2018)(2019), and (2) identify the main drivers of hospitals' financial standing. A longitudinal analysis (2003)(2004)(2005)(2006)(2007)(2008)(2009)(2010)(2011)(2012)(2013)(2014)(2015)(2016)(2017)(2018) of the stock of public hospital debt in Poland was also conducted. Methods applied included statistical data analysis and literature review. Results indicate that diverse top-down approaches (debt-relief programs with restructuration or corporatization elements as well as hospital network reform) provided limited results in terms of the improvement of the individual hospitals' financial standing. The reasons for the reforms' failures were mixed. Public hospitals operate under a unique and complex system of regulations with diverse external stakeholders and/or determinants influencing hospital revenues and cost generation. A more comprehensive and evidence-based approach is needed in developing policies aimed at supporting hospitals' financial sustainability in Poland. 
A New Deep Learning Based Multi-Spectral Image Fusion Method. In this report, we present a new effective infrared (IR) and visible (VIS) image fusion method by using a deep neural network. In our method, a Siamese convolutional neural network (CNN) is applied to automatically generate a weight map which represents the saliency of each pixel for a pair of source images. A CNN plays a role in automatic encoding an image into a feature domain for classification. By applying the proposed method, the key problems in image fusion, which are the activity level measurement and fusion rule design, can be figured out in one shot. The fusion is carried out through the multi-scale image decomposition based on wavelet transform, and the reconstruction result is more perceptual to a human visual system. In addition, the visual qualitative effectiveness of the proposed fusion method is evaluated by comparing pedestrian detection results with other methods, by using the YOLOv3 object detector using a public benchmark dataset. The experimental results show that our proposed method showed competitive results in terms of both quantitative assessment and visual quality. 
Microorganisms Multiplexed High-Throughput Serological Assay for Human Enteroviruses. Immunological assays detecting antibodies against enteroviruses typically use a single enterovirus serotype as antigen. This limits the ability of such assays to detect antibodies against different enterovirus types and to detect possible type-specific variation in antibody responses. We set out to develop a multiplexed assay for simultaneous detection of antibodies against multiple enterovirus and rhinovirus types encompassing all human infecting species. Seven recombinant VP1 proteins from enteroviruses EV-A to EV-D and rhinoviruses RV-A to RV-C species were produced. Using Meso Scale Diagnostics U-PLEX platform we were able to study antibody reactions against these proteins as well as non-structural enterovirus proteins in a single well with 140 human serum samples. Adults had on average 33-fold stronger antibody responses to these antigens (p < 10 -11 ) compared to children, but children had less cross-reactivity between different enterovirus types. The results suggest that this new high-throughput assay offers clear benefits in the evaluation of humoral enterovirus immunity in children, giving more exact information than assays that are based on a single enterovirus type as antigen. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Size Effects of Fiscal Policy and Business Confidence in the Euro Area. In the aftermath of the European sovereign debt crisis (2009)(2010)(2011)(2012)(2013)(2014), the management of expectations has risen in importance. However, policy responses have emphasized the management of fiscal spending without examining the impact changes in the business confidence have on the economy. This report uses a Factor-Augmented Vector Autoregressive specification, which allows for a larger information set covering both domestic and international developments, to measure the responses of five Euro Area economies to a one percent shock in government consumption and business confidence. The evidence suggests that even though the response to a government consumption shock is strong, a shock in expectations has an even greater effect. This points out to the fact that perceptions about the future and trust in the policymaker are much more important than previously considered. Thus, especially in (but not limited to) times of turbulence, or during efforts of stabilization and/or structural reforms, more emphasis should be placed on the overall credibility of the decisions, which could help to mitigate any potential adverse effects from the policies. 
A Probabilistic Theory for Intertemporal Indifference. This report provides a closed form distribution for the probability of intertemporal indifference between a certain quantity of a commodity now, value Q q 0 0 = , and some future quantity value Q T q = at time t = T assuming a discount weight, value value w T 0,1 [?]. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Article Using Grey Incidence Analysis Approach in Portfolio Selection. Due to the development of financial markets, products, financial and mathematical models, portfolio selection today represents a comprehensive set of activities. Investors take into consideration many different factors, such as the market factors, return distribution characteristics and financial statements information. This research applies a Grey Relational Analysis (GRA) approach to evaluate the performance on a sample of stocks by taking those different factors into consideration. The results based upon a sample of 55 stocks for the trading year 2017 on the Croatian capital market show that using GRA approach in portfolio selection provides useful guidance for investors when making investment decisions, and better portfolio results in terms of risk and return are reachable compared to an equally weighted portfolio benchmark. 
A creative city planning framework by a private company: Case study of the development of Futako-Tamagawa by Tokyu. While most studies of the creative city focus on the policy of government or local government, we study the creative city framework led by a private company. Concretely, we study the creative city planning framework by Tokyu Corporation on the Futako-Tamagawa area in Setagaya Ward in Tokyo. Based on the three "T's" framework, which was advocated by Florida, we examine how the private company develops a creative city. Moreover, we address how the government and local government support it. Thereby, we reveal the actual conditions of the private company work on the creative city and suggest a private company strategy and a governmental measure of urban development. 
Unpacking Barriers to Socially Inclusive Weather Index Insurance: Towards a Framework for Inclusion. Floods account for a majority of disasters, especially in South Asia, where they affect 27 million people annually, causing economic losses of over US$1 billion. Climate change threatens to exacerbate these risks. Risk transfer mechanisms, such as weather index insurance (WII) may help buffer farmers against these hazards. However, WII programs struggle to attract the clients most in need of protection, including marginalized women and men. This risks re-enforcing existing inequalities and missing opportunities to promote pro-poor and gender-sensitive development. Key questions, therefore, include what factors constrain access to WIIs amongst heterogeneous communities, and how these can be addressed. This report contributes to that end through primary data from two WII case studies (one in India, the other in Bangladesh) that identify contextual socio-economic and structural barriers to accessing WII, and strategies to overcome these. More significantly, this report synthesizes the case study findings and those from a review of the literature on other WII initiatives into a framework to promote a systematic approach to address these challenges: an important step forward in moving from problem analysis to remedial action. The framework highlights actions across WII product design, implementation and post-implementation, to minimize risks of social exclusion in future WII schemes. 
A Theoretical Model of Competitive Equilibria in the New Car Market. In the United States, the automobile purchase decision is consequential for both households and car producers. In households, adults typically own their own vehicles for personal use such as commuting to work or college. The need for multiple, safe cars per household represent a significant allocation of household income on an ongoing basis as old vehicles are replaced. Customer needs are represented by groups of demand utility functions which specify the demand for increasingly expensive safety features and styling changes. Auto manufacturers respond to the need for a variety of styles and safety features by producing vehicles in as many as 16 different productmarket segments. They offer multiple financing options such as leases, late models, and stretching out payments to accommodate capital rationing by their customers. The quantity sold in each segment provides the profit per segment which adds across segments to provide the overall profit for the firm. This is a monopolistically competitive environment in which brand loyalty drives sales per segment, with each segment being considerably different from others in vehicle characteristics and customer income. This report theoretically develops the demand utility functions within each segment, develops the producer's profit function and then equates the supply and demand functions to obtain the optimal quantity per segment. Practical implications are discussed. One such implication is that the quantity of sales may not be realized in any one market, so that sales may have to be realized across markets for auto firms to achieve consistent, long-term profits. Thus, our quantity specification may provide a justification for the globalization of the auto industry. 
A Teoria Austriaca do Ciclo de Negocios na Perspectiva do Modelo GSMS. Resumo: O conteudo analitico da teoria austriaca do ciclo de negocios permaneceu obscuro por falta de um modelo analitico compacto. O modelo GSMS (goods side -money side) e uma abordagem que deve tornar a teoria austriaca dos ciclos de negocios acessivel para os que tem uma educacao formal em economia, mas desconhecem os pormenores da teoria austriaca. O modelo GSMS difere da abordagem convencional da macroeconomia pelo nao-intervencionismo e mostra que as politicas macroeconomica intervencionistas sao as fontes de perturbacoes economicas. Neste sentido, o modelo GSMS nao e apenas uma ferramenta de politica, mas a demonnstracao de como a macroeconomia funciona. 
Teachers' Job Satisfaction and Work Performance. Job satisfaction is a requirement for the work performance of the teacher. This analysis determined the relationship of teachers' job satisfaction and their work performance in the Division of Misamis Occidental during the school year 2018-2019. One hundred and four (104) school heads and three hundred and thirteen (313) teachers responded to the study. The researcher used the descriptive-correlational research design; and the Teacher Job Satisfaction Survey Questionnaire (TJSQ) and Individual Performance Commitment Review Form (IPCRF) as instruments. Mean, standard deviation, and Multiple Regression Analysis were the statistical tools used. Findings revealed that the teachers were highly satisfied with their job, and their work performance was very satisfactory. The satisfaction of teachers on school heads' supervision and job security inversely affect the teachers' work performance. Schools have to be provided with the faculty lounge so teachers can talk freely on their well-being. Human Resource Department officers have to include in their teacher retention strategies the teachers' welfare packages. Future researchers have to look into other factors that might predict the teachers' work performance. 
Association of Poor Social Support and Financial Insecurity with Psychological Distress of Chronic Kidney Disease Patients Attending National Nephrology Unit in Sri Lanka. Background. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is associated with high morbidity and mortality. Hence, CKD patients are often in chronic psychological distress. The objective of the study was to describe factors associated with psychological distress of CKD patients attending National Nephrology Unit. Methods. A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted among 382 CKD patients above 18 years of age applying systematic sampling. The data was collected using self-administered questionnaires to assess the psychological distress (GHQ-12), social support (SSQ6), coping strategies (BRIEFCOPE), pain (0 to 10 numeric pain rating scale), and physical role limitation due to ill health (SF36QOL). Sociodemographic and disease-related data were collected using an interviewer administered questionnaire and a data extraction sheet. Multiple logistic regression was applied for determining the associated factors. The results were expressed as adjusted odds ratio (AOR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). Results. Percentage of psychological distress was 55. 2% (95% CI: 48. 4% to 62%). Poor social support (AOR = 1. 81, 95% CI: 1. 14-2. 88), low satisfaction with the social support received (AOR = 4. 14, 95% CI: 1. 59-10. 78), stages IV and V of CKD (AOR = 2. 67, 95% CI: 1. 65-4. 20), presence of comorbidities (AOR = 2. 38, 95% CI: 1. 21-4. 67), within one year of diagnosis (AOR = 2. 23, 95% CI: 1. 36-3. 67), low monthly income (AOR = 2. 26, CI: 1. 26-4. 06), higher out-of-pocket expenditure per month (AOR = 1. 75, 95% CI: 1. 75-1. 99), and being a female (AOR = 2. 95, 95% CI: 1. 79-4. 9) were significantly associated with psychological distress. Conclusions. More than half of the CKD patients were psychologically distressed. Factors such as financial and social support will be worth considering early because of their modifiability. 
Arab Countries between Winter and Spring: Where Democracy Shock Goes Next!. We examine the role of democracy shocks in the cross-country economic growth processes over a period of five decades since 1960. The recent uprisings that arose independently and spread across the Arab world form the main context of our investigation. We study if (i) a shock to democracy in one country triggers institutional reforms and growth upsurge in the neighbouring countries, and (ii) the magnitude and direction of response to democracy shocks are contingent upon income pathways of countries. To estimate the spillover effects of democracy shocks, we model and estimate growth interdependence among individual countries with similar democratic characteristics. To study the nature of responses of democracy shocks on cross-country growth processes, we build and estimate a Global Vector Autoregression (GVAR) model where we allow countries to be interdependent with regard to bilateral migration and geographical proximity. Using the GVAR model, we also stimulate a positive shock to democracy in Egypt-the most populous Arabic country-and study its impacts on institutional reforms and economic growth in the rest of the Arab World. We find that high and upper-middle income countries are immune to democracy shocks in Egypt, whereas the lower middle and low income countries are susceptible to another revolutionary wave. 
Research on Self-Operated Business Risk Control of Futures Company. Under the new development situation of China's futures industry, this report studies on the selfemployed business and its risk control of Futures Company. It analyzes the risks that may be encountered in the self-running business, establishes and improves the process of risk control of Futures Company proprietary business in China, which really plays the function of risk control, making it become the profit breakthrough of the Futures Company. 
Prevalence of, and Risk Factors for, Physical Disability among Nurses in Eu-rope. Aims and objectives: This analysis investigates possible causes of physical disability among European nurses, and deals with personal, physical and (social) work environment factors. Design: 39,898 (51. 7%) nurses responded to our survey (6335 head nurses; 4933 specialized nurses; 24,142 state-registered nurses; and 4488 nursing aids). Methodology: First, the prevalence of physical disability among nurses in Europe was investigated. Second, multivariate analyses were performed to better understand the influence of possible risk factors for physical disability. A Strobe statement has been added. Results: In general, the risk of physical disability is positively associated with the amount of physical load and the nurses' dissatisfaction with this, with a lack of teamwork quality, harassment by supervisors, colleagues not (quite) ready to help, not having lifting aids, a high quantitative work demand, and having to work in split shifts. The main moderating or buffering factors addressed in this analysis are having a part-time job, practice of sport and/or hobbies, and the nurses' social work environment. Relevance to Clinical Practice: Today, there is a substantial shortage of nurses in Europe, and management in healthcare organizations that fails to improve physical working conditions and to provide adequate (career) support might suffer from, will experience growing levels of disability and dissatisfaction among nursing staff that might result in premature leave, reduced productivity or higher absenteeism. 
Valuation of Large Variable Annuity Portfolios Using Linear Models with Interactions. A variable annuity is a popular life insurance product that comes with financial guarantees. Using Monte Carlo simulation to value a large variable annuity portfolio is extremely time-consuming. Metamodeling approaches have been proposed in the literature to speed up the valuation process. In metamodeling, a metamodel is first fitted to a small number of variable annuity contracts and then used to predict the values of all other contracts. However, metamodels that have been investigated in the literature are sophisticated predictive models. In this report, we investigate the use of linear regression models with interaction effects for the valuation of large variable annuity portfolios. Our numerical results show that linear regression models with interactions are able to produce accurate predictions and can be useful additions to the toolbox of metamodels that insurance companies can use to speed up the valuation of large VA portfolios. 
China Needs Forensic Accounting Education. White-collar crime causes the most economic harm to the finance world. It is the white collar criminals who steal our pensions, bankrupt companies, destroy thousands of jobs and shatter people's dreams. Forensic accounting practice has emerged in the areas of litigation support consulting, expert witnessing, and fraud investigation. Although forensic accounting practice is viewed as one of the most rewarding and secure career choices, there is a gap between forensic accounting practice and education. Furthermore, the evidence of forensic accounting practice and education in China is rare. Thus, the primary purposes of this report are to: 1) describe areas of forensic accounting practices in China; 2) examine the demand for and interest in forensic accounting practices and education in China: and 3) present the most relevant forensic accounting topics to be integrated into the Chinese business curriculum. To achieve study purposes a survey is conducted to bring insights experts on the demand, relevance, benefits, coverage, and delivery of forensic accounting materials to accounting professionals in China. Results indicate that : 1) the demand for and interest in forensic accounting education and practice in China will continue to increase; and 2) many of the suggested forensic accounting topics should be integrated into business and accounting curricula in China. The findings can be of great benefit to business colleges and accounting schools as well as accounting students, and employers of accounting graduates in China. 
The contagion effect of environmental violations: The case of Dieselgate in Germany. We examine how environmental violations affect the stock returns of the violating firm and how these financial implications then spread to industry peers. Volkswagen's diesel emissions scandal (Dieselgate) and the German automotive industry serve as a seminal case for the examination. Research often limits examinations of corporate environmental scandals to the primary event announcement. Yet the Dieselgate scandal exhibits a processual character that requires the examination of multiple events over time. We identify 10 Dieselgate events and employ event study methodology to detect abnormal stock reactions. Based on agency and signaling theory, the results indicate that Dieselgate has harmed the stock returns of Volkswagen and its industry peers substantially. Surprisingly, Volkswagen suffered financial damage only upon the initial event of Dieselgate. Subsequent events had significant effects only on industry peers. These findings contribute comprehensively to the research of environmental misconduct and provide valuable implications for practitioners. 
Determinants of Online Social Business Network Usage Behavior-Applying the Technology Acceptance Model and Its Extensions. Usage of online social business networks like LinkedIn and XING have become commonplace in today's workplace. This research addresses the question of what factors drive the intention to use online social business networks. Theoretical frame of the study is the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) and its extensions, most importantly the TAM2 model. Data has been collected via a Web Survey among users of LinkedIn and XING from January to April 2010. Of 541 initial responders 321 finished the questionnaire. Operationalization was tested using confirmatory factor analyses and causal hypotheses were evaluated by means of structural equation modeling. Core result is that the TAM2 model generally holds in the case of online social business network usage behavior, explaining 73% of the observed usage intention. This intention is most importantly driven by perceived usefulness, attitude towards usage and social norm, with the latter effecting both directly and indirectly over perceived usefulness. However, perceived ease of use has-contrary to hypothesis-no direct effect on the attitude towards usage of online social business networks. Social norm has a strong indirect influence via perceived usefulness on attitude and intention, creating a network effect for peer users. The results of this research provide implications for online social business network design and marketing. Customers seem to evaluate ease of use as an integral part of the usefulness of such a service which leads to a situation where it cannot be dealt with separately by a service provider. Furthermore, the strong direct impact of social norm implies application of viral and peerto-peer marketing techniques while it's also strong indirect effect implies the presence of a network effect which stabilizes the ecosystem of online social business service vendors. 
The Recognition of Capital Structure Peer Effect of Chinese Listed Companies. The capital structure of listed companies is significantly affected by that of peer companies in the same industry. This phenomenon is called the peer effect of capital structure. This report studies the peer effect of capital structures of listed companies in the same industry in the Chinese A-share market. Unlike previous literatures simply using the average industry capital structure as the explanatory variable, by constructing the instrumental variable (equity shock), this report successfully and accurately identifies the peer effect. Through the empirical analysis, this report has found the following conclusions: 1. The peer effect's ability to explain the capital structure of the company itself is more important than the common capital structure influence factors in the previous literatures; 2. Peer firms play an important role for the company's own capital structure. Specifically, the company's own capital structure will respond to the capital structures of peer firms, rather than other financial characteristics of peer firms. The conclusion of this report has certain enlightenment significance on the capital structure theory and capital decision-making behaviors of Chinese listed companies. The capital structure of listed companies in China is not independently decided by the company managers, but in the process of decision-making the capital structures of peer firms is considered as the important reference factor. This will provide a new angle for the research on capital structure. The strong correlation among capital decisionmaking of peer firms will be considered. 
Factors Affecting Purchase Intentions in Generation Y: An Empirical Evidence from Fast Food Industry in Malaysia. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the factors that influence the purchase intentions of Generation Y students towards the fast food industry in Nilai, Malaysia. Nowadays, purchase intentions are an important aspect of organizational long-term success in the fast food industry. In addition, purchase intentions are the critical element in competing with other competitive environments; hence, it is important for the fast food industry to pay a significant attention to this matter. The present study was conducted to identify the key determinants that impact the purchase intention of Generation Y students towards the fast food industry in Nilai, Malaysia. Employing the quantitative method in this analysis, a total of 313 questionnaires were distributed with the response rate of 91%. Another purpose of this analysis was to provide important insights to Nilai fast food restaurants in understanding the purchase intentions of customers. Therefore, the leaders and managers of Nilai local fast food restaurants can enhance customers' experience, solve their problems, and ultimately obtain high quality business by understanding the key factors of purchase intentions in fast food industry. 
CNT Foam-Embedded Micro Gas Preconcentrator for Low-Concentration Ethane Measurements. Breath analysis has become increasingly important as a noninvasive process for the clinical diagnosis of patients suffering from various diseases. Many commercial gas preconcentration instruments are already being used to overcome the detection limits of commercial gas sensors for gas concentrations which are as low as~100 ppb in exhaled breath. However, commercial instruments are large and expensive, and they require high power consumption and intensive maintenance. In the proposed study, a micro gas preconcentrator (u-PC) filled with a carbon nanotube (CNT) foam as an adsorbing material was designed and fabricated for the detection of low-concentration ethane, which is known to be one of the most important biomarkers related to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma. A comparison of the performance of two gas-adsorbing materials, i. e. , the proposed CNT foam and commercial adsorbing material, was performed using the developed u-PC. The experimental results showed that the synthesized CNT foam performs better than a commercial adsorbing material owing to its lower pressure drop and greater preconcentration efficiency in the u-PC. The present results show that the application of CNT foam-embedded u-PC in portable breath analysis systems holds great promise. 
Evaluation of the Kou-Modified Lee-Carter Model in Mortality Forecasting: Evidence from French Male Mortality Data. Mortality forecasting has always been a target of study by academics and practitioners. Since the introduction and rising significance of securitization of risk in mortality and longevity, more in-depth studies regarding mortality have been carried out to enable the fair pricing of such derivatives. In this article, a comparative analysis is performed on the mortality forecasting accuracy of four mortality models. The methodology employs the Age-Period-Cohort model, the Cairns-Blake-Dowd model, the classical Lee-Carter model and the Kou-Modified Lee-Carter model. The Kou-Modified Lee-Carter model combines the classical Lee-Carter with the Double Exponential Jump Diffusion model. This report is the first study to employ the Kou model to forecast French mortality data. The dataset comprises death data of French males from age 0 to age 90, available for the years 1900-2015. The paper differentiates between two periods: the 1900-1960 period where extreme mortality events occurred for French males and the 1961-2015 period where no significant jump is observed. The Kou-modified Lee-Carter model turns out to give the best mortality forecasts based on the RMSE, MAE, MPE and MAPE metrics for the period 1900-1960 during which the two World Wars occurred. This confirms that the consideration of jumps and leptokurtic features conveys important information for mortality forecasting. 
Impact of Personality Traits and Entrepreneurship Education on Entrepreneurial Intentions of Business and Engineering Students. Entrepreneurs bring an enormous contribution to a country's economic growth. Developing individual's interest into new venture creation represents an important asset, especially for less developed countries where entrepreneurial activities are fundamental in enhancing economic growth. The recent economic crisis turned the attention of European policymakers towards entrepreneurship as a driving force for the creation of new job opportunities, regional/national competitiveness and growth. The aim of this article is to verify what relations are between locus of control, need for achievement and entrepreneurial intention of youth, following a cognitive approach and how much entrepreneurial education consolidates entrepreneurial skills and informs the young that entrepreneurship is a career option. To analyse entrepreneurial intentions, locus of control, need for achievement and entrepreneurial education in the context of Romania, this research used a quantitative design based on the answers to the questionnaire conducted during March 2017 to October 2017 on a sample of 270 students from two important Romanian universities. From the methodological point of view, several hypotheses have been developed and tested using multivariate logistic regression estimates, frequency analysis, internal consistency reliability of the constructs and moderating effects. The results illustrate that locus of control, need for achievement and entrepreneurial education proved to be important determinants for venture creation among young students, both independently and under the action of control variables. Also, respondents' gender had a significant influence on one's intention of opening a business in the future, with males being more inclined to become entrepreneurs than females. 
Analysis of Consumer Appraisal of China's Rural Specialty E-Commerce under Data Mining Method. In the research, the crawler technology was used to evaluate the Taobao silkie, and product evaluation data is the case object. After word segmentation, naive Bayesian, K-means, and TF-IDF related algorithms were used to complete word frequency statistics, sentiment analysis, and cluster analysis. It was found that the quality of rural specialty products was more recognized by e-commerce customers, but its overall emotional score was slightly lower than that of non-origin products. After summing up the drawbacks of the former, targeted countermeasures and suggestions were proposed. 
Detecting Indicators for Startup Business Success: Sentiment Analysis Using Text Data Mining. The main aim of this analysis is to identify the key factors in User Generated Content (UGC) on the Twitter social network for the creation of successful startups, as well as to identify factors for sustainable startups and business models. New technologies were used in the proposed research methodology to identify the key factors for the success of startup projects. First, a Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) model was used, which is a state-of-the-art thematic modeling tool that works in Python and determines the database topic by analyzing tweets for the #Startups hashtag on Twitter (n = 35. 401 tweets). Secondly, a Sentiment Analysis was performed with a Supervised Vector Machine (SVM) algorithm that works with Machine Learning in Python. This was applied to the LDA results to divide the identified startup topics into negative, positive, and neutral sentiments. Thirdly, a Textual Analysis was carried out on the topics in each sentiment with Text Data Mining techniques using Nvivo software. This research has detected that the topics with positive feelings for the identification of key factors for the startup business success are startup tools, technology-based startup, the attitude of the founders, and the startup methodology development. The negative topics are the frameworks and programming languages, type of job offers, and the business angels' requirements. The identified neutral topics are the development of the business plan, the type of startup project, and the incubator's and startup's geolocation. The limitations of the investigation are the number of tweets in the analyzed sample and the limited time horizon. Future lines of research could improve the methodology used to determine key factors for the creation of successful startups and could also study sustainable issues. 
Government Programme as a Strategy-The Finnish Experience. This article uses strategy metaphors consisting of a plan, a home and a game to study government programme formation in Finland. The strategy approach both contradicts and complements the traditional political science approach to government formation. The government programme has been strategic in the sense of separating the formulation and implementation parts of the strategy. The most important function of the metaphor of plan is to hold coalition parties together. The adopted austerity policy provides a meagre contribution to the expansion of services and the increase in government spending. Consequently, the home metaphor in the government programme appears in the distant future and in combating external threats. The game metaphor is apparent in the goal of making contracts with social partners. The vocabulary change from politics to strategy alters the government programme's position in terms of catering to the needs of civil servants, citizens and stakeholders. The strategy perspective might be instrumental in shifting open democratic debates to closed and secretive policy formations. 
Application of Linear Programming in Optimizing Labour Scheduling. Employee or labor scheduling is associated with assigning an appropriate number of workers to the jobs during each day of work. It requires determining when staff members will work and when part-time, full-time workers will be needed to work. It is obvious that the number of employees wanted on duty throughout the week may fluctuate depending on health or family issues of the labor and the employer's requirement for a particular job; Scheduling forces us to systematically identify and analyze about all the tasks that need to be done on a project, the expected time each task might take, the expected requirement of the workforce for the job in terms of size and quality of employee personnel and the expected labor expenses. As the availabilities of the employees may vary and change from week to week; hence the scheduling becomes more essential for the smooth running of a project or shift. This report focuses on a constructive method for solving Labor Scheduling problem encountered in a construction company, suggesting an estimated labor cost over a week and the requirement of part-time labors in each shift, using linear programming techniques, thus, providing a logical way to organize these tasks and produce a new schedule each week, by the virtue of the changing demand for service while minimizing labor cost and maximizing labor preferences. 
Growth Trade-Offs Accompany the Emergence of Glycolytic Metabolism in Shewanella oneidensis MR-1. Bacteria increase their metabolic capacity via the acquisition of genetic material or by the mutation of genes already present in the genome. Here, we explore the mechanisms and trade-offs involved when Shewanella oneidensis, a bacterium that typically consumes small organic and amino acids, rapidly evolves to expand its metabolic capacity to catabolize glucose after a short period of adaptation to a glucose-rich environment. Using whole-genome sequencing and genetic approaches, we discovered that deletions in a region including the transcriptional repressor (nagR) that regulates the expression of genes associated with catabolism of N-acetylglucosamine are the common basis for evolved glucose metabolism across populations. The loss of nagR results in the constitutive expression of genes for an N-acetylglucosamine permease (nagP) and kinase (nagK). We demonstrate that promiscuous activities of both NagP and NagK toward glucose allow for the transport and phosphorylation of glucose to glucose-6-phosphate, the initial events of glycolysis otherwise thought to be absent in S. oneidensis. 13 C-based metabolic flux analysis uncovered that subsequent utilization was mediated by the Entner-Doudoroff pathway. This is an example whereby gene loss and preexisting enzymatic promiscuity, and not gain-of-function mutations, were the drivers of increased metabolic capacity. However, we observed a significant decrease in the growth rate on lactate after adaptation to glucose catabolism, suggesting that trade-offs may explain why glycolytic function may not be readily observed in S. oneidensis in natural environments despite it being readily accessible through just a single mutational event. 
Mbopo Institution and Music in the Cultivation of Moral Values in Ibibio Society, Nigeria. In the traditional African society, morality was one of the guiding elements that engineered the social, political and economic spectrums of the people. Music, as well as other traditional institutions, was used in achieving these goals. Mbobo was one of such institutions in Ibibio land. The naturalistic research method was used in this analysis. The purpose of this analysis was to assess the role of music in cultivating or promoting moral values in Ibibio society, using Mbopo institution as a case study. In treating this topic, an in-depth assessment of the various activities of the institution was carried out, such as the reasons girls are fattened, the payment of bride price or dowry, functions of the institution, activities carried out in the fattening room. The outing ceremony, the role of music, as well as its instrumental resources will also be looked into. The study examined Mbopo traditional institution from its historical, social and cultural contexts. The study revealed that Mbopo institution was and remains a veritable medium for maintaining morality among young women in the society. 
Architectural Design Course: Performance Innovative Task Output Preference of 4 th Year BS-Architecture Students of the University of Science and Technology of Southern Philippines, Cagayan de Oro. In the first three years in the program architecture students are introduced to courses that will enhance manual drawing and technical skills through extensive exposure to manual drawing processes as requirement for a performance innovative task. As students move forward to the higher years in the program, they are introduced to computer based drawing courses to produce a computer generated performance innovative task until they reach the last part of the Architectural Design Course which is the thesis proposal and thesis presentation on their 5 th year. Their five years or more stay in the program will equip them problem solving skills in the real practice of the architectural profession after they pass the state board exam using manual and 3D produced drawing requirements. Students and design instructors in the department are challenged to design an updated architectural design course syllabus and performance innovative task templates that will suit the present output preference specifically; purely manual drawing PIT, combination manual and 3D PIT with emphasis on purely 3D drawing PIT preferred by the students in their performance innovative task in the said course, with which an architecture student should be graded accordingly. 
Sustainability Sustainable Business Models through the Lens of Organizational Design: A Systematic Literature Review. The interest in sustainable business models has grown rapidly in recent years. Although some progress has been made in identifying this concept and making the practices more sustainable, little is known about the organizational design that is most appropriate for creating new business models or implementing changes in existing ones towards a sustainability approach. This report presents a review of sustainable business models in terms of the key factors that influence firm design based on organization theory. We retrieved 394 Journal Citation Reports papers from the WoK and Scopus databases, identifying 19 papers that have addressed the interplay between both constructs. We used the Galbraith Star Model to analyze the selected papers. We discuss three key findings for the cross-fertilization of both literatures: (i) the extension of the design elements outside the firm boundaries at the inter-organizational and ecosystem levels; (ii) the emphasis on certain design elements (strategy, process, people, structure) rather than others (rewards); and (iii) the use of the organizational design construct as a tactic tool for strategy execution of the sustainable business model. We also present theoretical and practical implications for the use and further development of this framework, as well as future avenues of research. 
Frailty as the Future Core Business of Public Health: Report of the Activities of the A3 Action Group of the European Innovation Partnership on Active and Healthy Ageing (EIP on AHA). Background: The prevalence of frailty at population-level is expected to increase in Europe, changing the focus of Public Health. Here, we report on the activities of the A3 Action Group, focusing on managing frailty and supporting healthy ageing at community level. Methods: A three-phased search strategy was used to select papers published between January 2016 and May 2018. In the third phase, the first manuscript draft was sent to all A3-Action Group members who were invited to suggest additional contributions to be included in the narrative review process. Results: A total of 56 papers were included in this report. The A3 Action Group developed three multidimensional tools predicting short-medium term adverse outcomes. Multiple factors were highlighted by the group as useful for healthcare planning: malnutrition, polypharmacy, impairment of physical function and social isolation were targeted to mitigate frailty and its consequences. Studies focused on the management of frailty highlighted that tailored interventions can improve physical performance and reduce adverse outcomes. Conclusions: This review shows the importance of taking a multifaceted approach when addressing frailty at community level. From a Public Health perspective, it is vital to identify factors that contribute to successful health and social care interventions and to the health systems sustainability. 
Estimation of energy productivity change in Baltic Sea and EU non-Baltic Sea states. The Baltic Sea states and the European Commission initiated the intergovernmental Baltic Sea Energy Cooperation (BASREC) in 1998 and established it the following year. The aim of this analysis is to examine and compare the energy productivity change, energy technical change, and energy efficiency change in Baltic Sea states and non-Baltic Sea states using the Malmquist-DEA approach. The main results indicate that energy productivity in the Baltic Sea states has been improved, with this mainly caused by energy technology progression; however, the improvement in energy efficiency is not so obvious. In addition, the subsample includes 10 former communist countries, showing that the source of their energy productivity change not only comes from energy technical change, but also energy efficiency changes. In other words, the catching up effect in the 10 former communist countries is more obvious than that in the Baltic Sea states. 
Portraying the Social Dimensions of Consulting with Structuration Theory. In this report, we argue that the consultant-client relationship is of central importance for consulting engagements. The paper therefore outlines the social dimensions that are inherent in the consulting system due to its characteristics that create social complexity. To gain further insights into the social interaction scheme and dynamics of consulting projects, a conceptualization based on an appropriate theoretical model is required. We propose to utilize the Structuration Theory for the compilation of the social context of consulting, as this provides a framework for incorporating the social determinants, focuses on actions of human-beings, and additionally allows the identification of interrelated dependencies of structure and actions. 
Uzleti folyamatok modellezesenek eszkozei. Minden vallalatnak, fuggetlenul a mereteitol es az iparagi hovatartozastol, vannak uzleti folyamatai. A vallalat vezetesenek szuksege van, hogy atlassa ezeket a folyamatokat, ahhoz hogy optimalizalja , szimulalja vagy publikalhassa ezeket, vagy esetleg meghatarozza az uzleti szabalyzatokat. A dolgozatomban szeretnem bemutatni, hogy milyen lehetosegei vannak egy vallalatnak, amikor az uzleti folyamatait akarja modellezni. A szoftverpiacon megjelent modellezo rendszerek kozul az ARIS rendszert valasztottam. Felvazolom ennek a rendszernek a mukodeset, es a felhasznalasi lehetosegeket. Legvegul nehany gyakorlati peldan keresztul mutatom be a legaltalanosabban hasznalt diagram tipusokat. 
Linear Control of Fractional-Order Financial Chaotic Systems with Input Saturation. In this report, control of fractional-order financial chaotic systems with saturated control input is investigated by means of statefeedback control method. The saturation problem is tackled by using Gronwall-Bellman lemma and a memoryless nonlinearity function. Based on Gronwall inequality and Laplace transform technique, two sufficient conditions are achieved for the asymptotical stability of the fractional-order financial chaotic systems with fractional orders 0 < <= 1 and 1 < < 2, respectively. Finally, simulation studies are carried out to show the effectiveness of the proposed linear control method. 
Evaluating the Relationship between the Banking System Stability and the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process: Evidence from the Egyptian Banking Sector. In the repercussions of the latest financial crisis that have occurred on the years. 
Governance and Human Development in Gulu District: A Case Study of Gulu Municipality. The study aims at examining governance in the promotion of human development in Gulu District with particular reference to Gulu Municipality. The research was conducted using 387 participants in Gulu Municipality and adopted quantitative design with random stratified sampling technique. The data were analyzed using Pearson correlation coefficient, regression and descriptive statistics. The study indicated that 200 (51. 7%) were male and 187 (48. 3%) were female. The study finds that greater levels of accountability, participation and absence of corruption are associated with greater levels of human development. Correlation analysis results showed that there is a significant positive relationship between accountability and human development (r = 0. 351, p = 0. 000). There is a significant positive relationship between government efficiency, participation and control of corruption and human development (r = 0. 317, p = 0. 000; r = 0. 378, p = 0. 000; and r = 0. 416, p = 0. 000) respectively. The relationship between bribery and human development is very low and insignificant. Overall, there is a significant positive relationship between good governance and human development (r = 0. 477, p = 0. 000). The regression analysis shows that good governance explains 24. 4% of the variations in human development (Adjusted R 2 = 0. 244, Sig. F change = 0. 000). The study findings indicate that the best predictors of human development were accountability, participation and control of corruption. The worst predictor was government efficiency. The study concludes that bribery is neither associated with human development nor any attributes of good governance. 
Innovative financial technologies as a factor of competitiveness in the banking. The models for the implementation and development of financial services and services are changing due to the global transformation of the financial and economic sphere, which is caused by the emergence of innovative financial technologies. This leads to a fundamental change in the financial market and the factors that determine the leading positions of its participants. Only the use of innovative technologies in the banking business ensures a high level of competitiveness in the market and further expansion of the client base. Banks are rebuilding traditional financial business models through cooperation with FinTech-industry, reforming business processes in areas such as banking services for individuals, lending and financing, payments, money transfers, asset management, currency exchange, insurance, blockchain transactions. The purpose of the article is to identify the main trends in the development of new financial technologies of banking. The authors identify the most important technologies that ensure the dynamic development of the global financial market and the fundamental transformation of the banking business in the past decade. In the article, the authors investigate the degree of their prevalence and the main areas of application in the field of banking, consider the successful practices of implementing of FinTech in the development of financial services. 
A Characterization of the Optimal Management of Heterogeneous Environmental Assets under Uncertainty. The application herein involves the optimal management of renewable and nonrenewable resources within the context of a stochastic model of optimal control. By characterizing the two dimensional Bellman solution, three rules with respect to resource management are established. Within the context of coastal development, this analysis may help to explain why renewable resources may become increasingly vulnerable to random external shocks as nonrenewable resources are depleted. Although existence of an optimal closed form solution to the multi-sector Bellman model remains an open mathematical question, this analysis offers a characterization which can be applied to other scenarios in economics or finance in which two assets following stochastic processes interact. Merton [5,6], Fischer [7], and Pindyck [8] provide significant insight in their study of financial assets using (one-dimensional) stochastic optimal control. Both deterministic and stochastic optimal control have been particularly useful in developing a theoretical foundation for. 
Importance Sampling in the Presence of PD-LGD Correlation. This report seeks to identify computationally efficient importance sampling (IS) algorithms for estimating large deviation probabilities for the loss on a portfolio of loans. Related literature typically assumes that realised losses on defaulted loans can be predicted with certainty, i. e. , that loss given default (LGD) is non-random. In practice, however, LGD is impossible to predict and tends to be positively correlated with the default rate and the latter phenomenon is typically referred to as PD-LGD correlation (here PD refers to probability of default, which is often used synonymously with default rate). There is a large literature on modelling stochastic LGD and PD-LGD correlation, but there is a dearth of literature on using importance sampling to estimate large deviation probabilities in those models. Numerical evidence indicates that the proposed algorithms are extremely effective at reducing the computational burden associated with obtaining accurate estimates of large deviation probabilities across a wide variety of PD-LGD correlation models that have been proposed in the literature. 
Equilibrium Dynamics in the Neoclassical Growth Model with Habit Formation and Elastic Labor Supply. This note analyzes the equilibrium dynamics in the neoclassical growth model with habit-forming preferences and elastic labor supply. Habits enter into utility in a multiplicative way. The specification of the habit formation process comprises the particular cases of internal and external habits. Existence, uniqueness and saddle-path stability of the steady state are proved analytically. 
Is Stock Prices and Economic Activity in India Co-Integrated?. In this analysis we investigate whether stock prices and economic activity in India are co-integrated by using monthly data from 1960 to 2013 and applying high-powered co-integration tests which have an inherent advantage of permitting structural changes in the relationships being tested and in asymmetric co-integration, along with frequently applied co-integration tests of Engle and Granger (1987) and Johansen (1988). The results of the study provide empirical evidence for reasonably saying that stock prices and economic activity in India are co-integrated and validate the prediction in financial economics literature. 
Capital's Funds for Health Improvement and Research. Background: Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (HHT) is a vascular dysplasia disorder characterized by epistaxis, mucocutaneous telangiectasias and arteriovenous malformations in internal organs. Recurrent epistaxis is the primary complaint in 90%-96% of HHT patients and the other symptoms come with age. The aim of this analysis was to analyze HHT-associated gene variant spectrum in Chinese HHT patients and to assess whether genetic testing could contribute to the early diagnosis. Methodology/Principal: Thirty one HHT families including 62 individuals were recruited. Variants in the coding regions of four genes involved in HHT were amplified and analyzed using Sanger sequencing and multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (MLPA). Results: Twenty unique variants, including 8 novel variants were found in 24 of the 31 (77. 4%) kindred. Diagnosis is confirmed for 7 possible individuals from 6 kindred. Thirteen ACVRL1 variants were detected from 17 isolated HHT families. 
The effect of innovation and consumer related factors on consumer resistance to innovation PUBLIC INTEREST STATEMENT. Implementations of technological innovations have been playing key roles for firms to grow and survive in the long run particularly in a dynamic and complex market and unstable economic conditions. The success of any innovation in the market which highly depends on consumers could be one of the potential factors behind the failure of the innovation. Research on innovation resistance is still in infancy and effort to describe the resistance as well as understanding the consumers' resistance to innovation still requires in-depth investigations including the context of resistance to innovation. As a response to this problem, this analysis examines the consumers' resistance to innovation through measuring the resistance to smartphones. This analysis is grounded by the resistance to innovation and appraisal theories. In the research framework, this analysis includes consumers' characteristics (motivation, self-efficacy, emotion (negative), and attitude toward existing product) and innovation characteristics (relative advantage, perceived risk, complexity, social influence, and price). A cross sectional, survey data were gathered from 307 university students of four public universities in Pakistan via self-administered survey questionnaires. They were statistically tested using PLS (SEM) path modeling. The results demonstrate the concept of consumers' resistance to innovation in the context of Pakistan. 
A Needs Analysis Proposal for ESP: A Case Study of a Short English Training Course for Bank Tellers in a Chinese Bank. Within the spectrum of English for Specific Purposes (ESP), needs analysis (NA) is the first and obligatory step. Based on NA studies, this report makes an NA proposal for a short English training course for bank tellers in a Chinese bank to illustrate the actual implementation of NA procedures. This proposal pinpoints the NA types, sources of information and data-collection methods, with the rationale explained for those choices. Open Journal of Social Sciences p. 472), ESP courses of all sorts share the same important procedure, needs analysis (NA), which is the topic under discussion. This report studies NA and presents an NA proposal for a short English training course for Chinese bank tellers. It first reviews NA, outlining different NA approaches and methods. It then proposes an NA for the specified training course, pinpointing its types, sources of information and data-collection methods and exploring the rationale for those choices. 
The Dilemma of Guarding Self-Actualization from Fear Claws. My ultimate concern in this research is to investigate the culture of fear that we live in and how it impacts our vocational callings. Why the fear of failing can be immobilizing, or can paralyze us to do nothing, and therefore fall a prey to inner devastation between fulfilling our self-image belief and securing our daily responsibilities. This fear goes harshly against the inner psychological need that drives us to maximize our personal abilities and resources which may vary from one person to another. Ironically implementing the basics of organizational psychology aims to increase productivity and develop and train employees professionally. Instead there must be a huge consideration to the varied work stress that derives many to fall into deep depression. In this analysis I try to come closer to a clearer picture of what triggers this fear stress; is it work load or the way managers approach employees? Does a narcissist manager or any other person aggravate this stress by feeding an environment of fear that paralyzes others' talents and capabilities? Is every individual responsible for fencing his own boundaries from any external fear threat that may attack him? Or the real threat comes from one's own inner thoughts, supposing that we could easily block outer irritations. 
A case study on trade in threatened Tiger Geckos (Goniurosaurus) in Vietnam including updated information on the abundance of the Endangered G. catbaensis Launched to accelerate biodiversity conservation. Tiger geckos of the genus Goniurosaurus are considered as a susceptible reptile group, due to their restricted distribution ranges, specialisation to specific microhabitats and generally low population densities. While still new species have been discovered recently, Goniurosaurus species are threatened by extinction through habitat loss and collection for the pet trade. Of the 19 described species, for only eight species, the conservation status has been assessed within the IUCN Red List between 2016 and 2018 and all have been classified in the threat categories VU (Vulnerable), EN (Endangered) and CR (Critically Endangered). Goniurosaurus spp. are popular in the international pet market at least since the 1990s and several species experienced local extirpations as a consequence of massive over-collection in the past. However, tiger geckos have not been paid much attention for conservation, amongst others, due to the lack of comprehensive knowledge on their conservation status and biology. This analysis provides an overview of international trade in Goniurosaurus based on available data from. 
Business Students' Conceptions of Sustainability. In the field of higher education, the role of sustainability is increasingly seen as an important capability of successful graduates, one of a group of higher-level dispositions that is particularly important for students' future professional roles. Discussion of sustainability often assumes that all participants understand the term in the same way, and different understandings can make meaningful dialogue difficult. This article presents an empirical investigation of the ways in which students from a business faculty at a large metropolitan university view sustainability in the specific context of their tertiary education. While some students viewed the notion in quite naive ways-for example, the idea of 'keeping themselves going'-others talked about much broader views incorporating ideas of inter-generational justice. Investigation of such views provides important evidence for dialogue on sustainability with the next generation of professional leaders in business. 
Differential Evolution Optimization of the Broken Wing Butterfly Option Strategy. The Broken Wing Butterfly (BWB) has become a popular options strategy for traders. Profit is generated primarily by exploiting option value time decay. In this report the selection of the option strikes to be used along with trade entry and exit parameters, such as time to expiration and profit and loss targets, are optimized using over a decade of historical option data of the S & P 500 exchange traded fund (symbol: SPY). The importance of selecting an optimal strike mapping method, by which strikes are assigned in any time period, is highlighted. Of the three methods considered, the normalized strike mapping method was found to be optimal. Optimization was performed using a differential evolution (DE) evolutionary algorithm. The objective function used for optimization considered final cumulative profit, volatility, and maximum equity drawdown while achieving a high trade win rate. A trade example is given to illustrate the use of the obtained results. 
Ambiguity among Managers in Small-Scale Enterprises: How to Handle Business and Workplace Health Management. Despite extensive research on health in working life, few studies focus on this issue from the perspective of managers in small-scale enterprises (SSEs). To gain deeper knowledge of managers' perceptions and strategies for dealing with workplace health management, 13 Norwegian and Swedish SSE managers were interviewed after participating in a workplace health development project. The methodical approach was based on Grounded Theory with a constructivist orientation. The main theme that emerged was 'ambiguity in workplace health management and maintaining the business', which was related to the categories 'internal workplace settings', 'workplace surroundings', and 'leadership strategies'. The managers experienced ambiguity due to internal and external demands. These requirements were linked to the core challenges in dealing with multitasking leadership, financial decision-making, labour legislation, staff development and maintaining business. However, the managers developed new skills and competence and thereby a more reflexive approach and readiness to create a health-promoting workplace from being part of a development project. The implications are that managers in SSEs need to exchange experiences and discuss workplace health issues with other managers in networks. It is also important that occupational health services and social and welfare organizations use tailor-made models and strategies for supporting SSEs. 
Modelling the oil price volatility and macroeconomic variables in South Africa using the symmetric and asymmetric GARCH models Modelling the oil price volatility and macroeconomic variables in South Africa using the symmetric and asymmetric GARCH models PUBLIC INTEREST STATEMENT. This article employed the ARCH, GARCH and EGARCH models to model the oil price volatility and macroeconomic variables in South Africa for the period 1990Q1 to 2018Q2. The macroeconomic variables used in the study are GDP, inflation, interest rate and exchange rates. According to ARCH (1) and GARCH (1, 1) models, exchange rate and interest rate have a negative effect on the oil price, while GDP and inflation suggesting a positive effect. The results for GDP and inflation imply that a 1% increase in GDP and inflation may lead to an increase in oil price. The negative effect on interest rate and exchange rate led by their negative values implies that a 1% increase in interest rate and exchange rate may lead to a decrease in oil price. The EGARCH (1, 1) model revealed that oil price is negatively affected by all the macroeconomic variables. This implies that a 1% increase in these variables may lead to a decrease in oil price. The symmetric and asymmetric techniques revealed that the South African oil prices are volatile. The article recommends that South African policy makers should have a view on the impact of oil price volatility on the South African economy. 
Personality and Heart Rate Variability: Exploring Pathways from Personality to Cardiac Coherence and Health. Background: Personality and heart rate variability (HRV) are each strong predictors of well-being, particularly cardiac health and longevity. The current project explores the correlates of personality traits on heart rate variability (HRV) to clarify how autonomic regulation may mediate the development and maintenance of health and disease. Hypothesis: Personality traits will be significantly correlated with specific measures of HRV. In particular, the Character traits of Self-Directedness, Cooperativeness, and Selftranscendence are known to promote physical, mental, and social aspects of well-being, so they were expected to be associated with indices of HRV indicating autonomic balance. Methods: Participants were 271 volunteers from the community, adult men and women. They received an extensive self-report questionnaire, allowing for a comprehensive personality evaluation. Of these participants, 118 underwent ambulatory-24 hours recording of HRV. The HRV recordings were sent to the Institute of HeartMath for interpretation. Data Analysis: Data for personality was retrieved from the Qualtrics site after online administration, into which the HRV data were entered. Analyses were conducted in SPSS 20. Results: Systematic and significant associations between personality traits were found. In particular, the Temperament and Character Inventory's character traits were related to autonomic balance as measured by the ratio of low frequency (sympathetic) to high frequency (parasympathetic) activity. Openness, aggression, avoidant attachment, and forgiveness were found to relate to several HRV variables. Conclusion: The relations among personality and HRV support the validity of the measures in ways that clarify the strong relations among personality, HRV, and health. Further work to replicate and extend these preliminary findings in a larger sample is underway. 
Quality Criteria for B2C E-Commerce Websites in Brazil. The objective of this analysis is to compare the ranking of the quality of e-commerce B2C portals in Brazil according to explicit criteria described in the article with the ranking according to the INFO 100 ranking. Theoretical research is first described, followed by the construction of eight self-established criteria of B2C portal quality measures and identification and compilation of requirements used by the I-Best, Opinia, E-bit and other institutes. After that, a portal quality evaluation is made by the web site content analysis; finally, a comparison of the rankings is presented. The obtained results showed that in spite of the lack of knowledge of the criteria adopted by INFO100 [1], there could be agreement with the criteria adopted in this analysis, because there was agreement with the results for the Ponto Frio portal. Therefore, it was concluded that the eight criteria used in this analysis can be useful in a quality analysis of B2C electronic portals. 
Ethics and Social Welfare Get Yourself an Insurance! Negotiating Family and Intergenerational Care in Post-Mao Urban China Get Yourself an Insurance! Negotiating Family and Intergenerational Care in Post-Mao Urban China. In urban China, the demise of the employment-based welfare system dovetails with the commoditization of service provision and the state-led promotion of 'family values'. Disadvantaged labourers invest most of their resources in their children, who are expected to become their future 'insurance'. Notwithstanding their emotional and material investment in the upbringing of daughters, informants recast the birth of sons as a sign of success and continuity within wider care relationships. As these ambiguous relationships develop in the context of pervading insecurity, the birth of a son constitutes a definitive sign of a well-managed destiny. While this repertoire evokes the narrative of traditional familialism, it feeds into state and market-sponsored policies that foster self-reliance, reinstating the family as the primary site of care provision. 
Estimating China's Trade with Its Partner Countries within the Belt and Road Initiative Using Neural Network Analysis. The Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) under the auspices of the Chinese government was created as a regional integration and development model between China and her trade partners. Arguments have been raised as to whether this initiative will be beneficial to participating countries in the long run. We set to examine how to estimate this trade initiative by comparing the relative estimation powers of the traditional gravity model with the neural network analysis using detailed bilateral trade exports data from 1990 to 2017. The results show that neural networks are better than the gravity model approach in learning and clarifying international trade estimation. The neural networks with fixed country effects showed a more accurate estimation compared to a baseline model with country-year fixed effects, as in the OLS estimator and Poisson pseudo-maximum likelihood. On the other hand, the analysis indicated that more than 50% of the 6 participating East African countries in the BRI were able to attain their predicted targets. Kenya achieved an 80% (4 of 5) target. Drawing from the lessons of the BRI and the use of neural network model, it will serve as an important reference point by which other international trade interventions could be measured and compared. 
Remote sensing Automated Filtering of Multibeam Water-Column Data to Detect Relative Abundance of Giant Kelp (Macrocystis pyrifera). Modern multibeam echosounders can record backscatter data returned from the water above the seafloor. These water-column data can potentially be used to detect and map aquatic vegetation such as kelp, and thus contribute to improving marine habitat mapping. However, the strong sidelobe interference noise that typically contaminates water-column data is a major obstacle to the detection of targets lying close to the seabed, such as aquatic vegetation. This article presents an algorithm to filter the noise and artefacts due to interference from the sidelobes of the receive array by normalizing the slant-range signal in each ping. To evaluate the potential of the filtered data for the detection of aquatic vegetation, we acquired a comprehensive water-column dataset over a controlled experimental site. The experimental site was a transplanted patch of giant kelp (Macrocystis pyrifera) forest of known biomass and spatial configuration, obtained by harvesting several individuals from a nearby forest, measuring and weighing them, and arranging them manually on an area of seafloor previously bare. The water-column dataset was acquired with a Kongsberg EM 2040 C multibeam echosounder at several frequencies (200, 300, and 400 kHz) and pulse lengths (25, 50, and 100 us). The data acquisition process was repeated after removing half of the plants, to simulate a thinner forest. The giant kelp plants produced evident echoes in the water-column data at all settings. The slant-range signal normalization filter greatly improved the visual quality of the data, but the filtered data may under-represent the true amount of acoustic energy in the water column. Nonetheless, the overall acoustic backscatter measured after filtering was significantly lower, by 2 to 4 dB on average, for data acquired over the thinned forest compared to the original experiment. We discuss the implications of these results for the potential use of multibeam echosounder water-column data in marine habitat mapping. 
The Three-Five-Eight (Bachelor, Master, Doctorate) System: An Essential and Demanding Reform for the University of Abomey-Calavi, Benin (West Africa). Nowadays, universities are undergoing profound changes in order to adapt their educational contents to the requirements of the world of employment. Thus, the establishment of a new system of certification and classification of qualifications has emerged through the Bachelor, Master, Doctorate called "Licence Master and Doctorat" (LMD) reform in French speaking countries. This research aims to show that the implementation of the LMD system is an imperative for the University of Abomey-Calavi. On the methodological side, we conducted both descriptive and analytical study based on the principle of triangulation. The data used for this analysis come from two main tools: survey questionnaire and interviews grid supported by literature review. This research was conducted on a sample of 690 individuals selected by random and purposive method. It came out from our investigations that LMD system relies on fundamental principles that are not yet mastered and applied by the different actors of the University of Abomey-Calavi. Consequently, 65. 33% expressed their qualifications are not recognized as such in other universities or countries. Our results also indicate that 73. 39% of the students have not received information about the possibility offered by the LMD system to complete their education within the same institution or another institution through principle of mobility. Students surveyed on the question of capitalization of knowledge through transferable and capitalized education credits recognized in a proportion of 59. 82% they have no information on this vital principle of the LMD reform. Thus, it is important to rethink the system, reframe and adapt its principles and requirements to local realities. 
Fiscal Policy and Economic Cycles in Congo. The purpose of this report is to respond on discretionary fiscal policy on economic cycles in Congo. A fiscal reaction function developed by Huart [1] was thus estimated over the 1989-2015 period. It comes out from the results that the fiscal policies carried out during this period were both counter-cyclical and pro-cyclical expansionist. This resulted in instability of the public debt and an accumulation of payment arrears. 
Analysing a Pricing Policy for a Home Centre: A Case Study. One critical aspect of retailer category management is pricing the items in order to maximize total profits. To define an appropriate pricing policy, a retailer should evaluate how changes in prices of a set of items may impact their shelves or inter demands. In this setting, elasticities play a major role. In addition, a proper policy can be defined from different points of view. In this report, estimation of a profit function and its maximization under different scenarios is used as a tool to analyze such policy. Estimation of this function is performed through a previous selection of items within a home center category. Then, an adequate AIDS model allowing calculation of elasticities is fitted. Moreover, a profit function is defined in terms of prices and demands. This functionis linearized for the following two purposes, to express it in terms of elasticities, and to maximize it more easily under the consideration of different sets of item prices defined in a convex set. Then, confidence intervals for the total and marginal profits were built to gather the randomness of demands. The results are applied to the selected items in a home center that behaves as a monopoly in the area. 
A Strategic Evaluation on Competency of Karnataka Destinations through Des-tination Management Organizations. The urban and territorial changes caused by tourism are well introspected areas in contemporary scientific literature. This article adopts an integrative approach with a framework connecting scientific traditions of destination management and competitiveness with a case study of Karnataka's destinations. Tourism is a strategic economic activity in Karnataka, but the uniqueness of the governing bodies accentuates integrated planning pioneering with several distinguishing features. The collective investigation of the development of tourism in the state and the recent narration of territorial planning directs towards conclusions regarding the role of Destination Management Organizations in tourism with urban and contemporary development, which has resulted in the creation of a competency model, and the role methodical planning. This report accentuates the role of DMOs, responding to the need for a destination management. For this purpose the various functionalities, activities and roles of DMOs are evaluated though literature reviews. 
The New Orleans Carnival as a Theater Space: A Patrimonial Landscape in the Understanding of Translatinity. The present study represents an attempt to read the patrimonial landscape composed by the sacred-profane festivities of the New Orleans Carnival, known as Mardi Gras. It uses a methodology of comparative observation and qualitative analytical procedures to link the theatricality of the city to the performance of Afro-descended groups (the "Indians"), the aesthetics of their self-presentation and their engagement in cultural resistance. To do so, the study projects inequalities and cultural shocks with reference to the play A Streetcar Named Desire, by Tennessee Williams. The main purpose is to elaborate a concept of a theater space where it is possible to develop modes of interpretation of the Latin American culture, that is, a "translatinity" a political and social overflow of African and Amerindian values, especially from the second half of the 20th century, in the culturally polarized cities of the American continent. 
A Nonmonotone Line Search Method for Regression Analysis *. In this report, we propose a nonmonotone line search combining with the search direction (G. L. Yuan and Z. X. Wei, New Line Search Methods for Unconstrained Optimization, Journal of the Korean Statistical Society, 38(2009), pp. 29-39. ) for regression problems. The global convergence of the given method will be established under suitable conditions. Numerical results show that the presented algorithm is more competitive than the normal methods. 
Revenue and Duration of Oral Auction. This report investigates the revenue and duration of a well-known hybrid oral auction (English auction and Dutch auction) that is extensively adopted in practice, for instance the Christie's. Unlike sealed bid auction, oral auction is featured by its complexity of dynamic process. The bidding price varies as a stochastic time series. Therefore, the duration of oral auction as well as its revenue performs randomly. From the seller's perspective, both the revenue and the duration are so important that extra attention and effort should be put on auction design. One of the most important issues is how to choose the starting bid price to maximize its revenue or minimize its duration. In this report, the bidding process is decomposed into two phases: English auction (descending-bid) phase and the Dutch auction (ascending-bid) phase. For each phase, with the aid of Markov method, we derive the expected revenue and duration as a function of the starting bid. For an oral auction with a large number of bidder and each bidder behaves independently, we provide the limit results of the expected revenue and duration. The results of the auction model can be easily implemented in auction design. 
Group Counselling Techniques and Risk Behaviour Management among Secondary School Students: From a Curriculum Implementation Viewpoint Open Access. This analysis investigated "the extent to which group counseling techniques can influence risk behavior management among secondary school students". The tenacious adoption of irrational behaviors among secondary school students in Cameroon due to psychosocial pressures, lack of direction, affection and social education motivated the researcher to carry out this analysis. Related literature was reviewed on group counseling and risk behaviour management. The client/Person-Centred theory, Problem behavior theory and the self-determination theory were used to give meaning to the problem of study. Observation and Interview research methods were applied to carry out the investigation. Data were collected using a semi-structured observation guide and semi-structured interview guide. Guidance counselors from Government Bilingual High School (G. B. H. S. ) Etoug-ebe, Yaounde were selected for the study through non-probability sampling technique. The data collected were analysed thematically following the main objective of the study. Overall, the results of this analysis revealed that group counseling techniques influence risk behavior management among secondary school students. The findings of the study offer new evidence as well that guidance counselors in schools can improve their services through effective group counseling sessions with students in the classroom. Group counseling can serve as an alternative to individual counseling as it contributes to rational thinking and good behavior in students. 
Firm Constraints on the Link between Proactive Innovation, Open Innovation and Firm Performance. This analysis aims to examine the impacts of firm constraints and proactive innovation on firm performance, using a sample of 3504 small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Vietnam from 2011-2015. Our findings suggest that technological innovations in general are beneficial to firm performance, increasing firm sales and profits. Further filtering innovations into two categories of proactive and reactive ones, we find that reactive innovation negatively affects firm performance, consistent with the view that proactive entrepreneurial behavior is a highly sought-after characteristic or a valuable resource for a firm as specified in resources-based theory. Finally, our result implies that if firms have low constraint or have sufficient resources, proactive strategies should be the choice if firms seek to improve their performance. 
Sustainability Sustainability Benefits and Challenges of Inter-Organizational Collaboration in Bio-Based Business: A Systematic Literature Review. Bio-based businesses are often considered to be sustainable. However, they are also linked to sustainability challenges such as deforestation and soil erosion. Encouraged to exploit innovative solutions and enhance sustainability, organizations engaged in bio-based activities extensively explore collaboration possibilities with external partners. The objective of this report is to integrate the available knowledge on sustainability of inter-organisational collaborations in bio-based businesses, while considering the three aspects of sustainability: environmental, economic, and social. We collected data from three academic sources-Web of Science, Scopus, and EconLit-and conducted a systematic literature review. The results show the importance of geographical proximity and complementarity in creating sustainability benefits such as reduced emissions, reduced waste, economic synergies, and socio-economic activities. Based on the findings, we have developed a framework that illustrates sustainability benefits and challenges. Interestingly, the studies emphasize sustainability benefits more in emerging than in industrialised economies, especially relating to the social aspects of sustainability. In conclusion, although the scholars have not discussed mitigation of several sustainability challenges in bio-based businesses, such as land use conflicts, they have found evidence of vital sustainability benefits, such as energy availability, lower emissions, improved socio-economic life, and poverty reduction, which are essential in emerging economies. 
Association between Basal Metabolic Rate and Handgrip Strength in Older Koreans. We investigated the relationship between the basal metabolic rate (BMR) and muscle strength through measurement of handgrip strength. We conducted a cross-sectional study of a population representative of older Korean from the 2014-2016 Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. A total of 2512 community-dwelling men and women aged 65 years and older were included. The BMR was calculated with the Singapore equation and handgrip strength was measured using a digital dynamometer. The patients were categorized into handgrip strength quartiles and a weighted one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) for continuous variables and a weighted chi-squared test for categorical variables were performed. Pearson, Spearman correlation analysis, univariate, and multivariate linear regression were performed. Analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) was also performed to determine the association between basal metabolic rate and handgrip strength quartiles after adjusting for confounding factors. The BMR increased according to handgrip strength quartile after adjusting for age, BMI, relative fat mass, comorbidity number, resistance exercise, aerobic physical activity, household income, educational level, smoking status, and alcohol ingestion in both sexes (p < 0. 001). Handgrip strength has a positive association with the BMR in older Korean people. Therefore, muscle strength exercises should be considered for regulating the BMR in the older people. 
Too Connected to Fail? Inferring Network Ties From Price Co-Movements Too Connected to Fail? Inferring Network Ties From Price Co-Movements. We use extreme value theory methods to infer conventionally unobservable connections between financial institutions from joint extreme movements in credit default swap spreads and equity returns. Estimated pairwise co-crash probabilities identify significant connections among up to 186 financial institutions prior to the crisis of 2007/2008. Financial institutions that were very central prior to the crisis were more likely to be bailed out during the crisis or receive the status of systemically important institutions. This result remains intact also after controlling for indicators of too-big-to-fail concerns, systemic, systematic, and idiosyncratic risks. Both credit default swap (CDS)-based and equity-based connections are significant predictors of bailouts. Supplementary materials for this article are available online. 
REAL-TIME WILDFIRE DETECTION FROM SPACE -A TRADE-OFF BETWEEN SENSOR QUALITY, PHYSICAL LIMITATIONS AND PAYLOAD SIZE. Wildfires cause large scale devastation to human settlements and forests every year and their frequency and severity is on the rise. A major reason for this devastation is the significant delay in their detection due to their remote locations in forests. To mitigate this, a constellation of nanosatellites in Low Earth Orbit (LEO) equipped with multi-spectral visible to Infrared (IR) cameras is proposed leveraging the modular and affordable architecture of CubeSats. Coupled with the payload design, meticulously planned constellation and a ground support system, all surface points on the planet will be revisited at least once in an hour. Capturing a surface location with a high resolution in Mid Wavelength Infrared (MWIR) and Long Wavelength Infrared (LWIR) allows a precise estimation of thermal output of the surface. Simulations indicate that a fire of about four hundred square meters can be easily detected from this satellite payload. Through onboard data processing, wildfires can be already detected in space, minimizing bandwidth requirements for real-time alerts. This enables an early wildfire warning within 30 min by utilizing existing satellite internet networks. Additionally, compressed raw images will be transmitted on fixed ground station passes to provide a global thermal data updated every 90 min. The near real-time multi-spectral data provides opportunity for several other applications like weather forecasting besides wildfire detection. 
Does Business Group Affiliation Matter for Superior Performance? Evidence from Pakistan. Business groups have been described as improving the value of the affiliated firms they control, which is often beyond the capability of standalone firms. The purpose of the current study is to analyze the financial performance of affiliates of diversified Pakistani business groups relative to standalone firms. The current study employs data from 284 Pakistani listed non-financial firms from 2008-2015. In order to test the hypotheses, two dependent variables are used, namely, accounting (Return on Assets (ROA)) and stock market (Tobin's Q) measures of performance. Specifically, this analysis probes and compares the performance measures of group member and standalone firms. The findings of the study suggest that business group memberships have statistically significant effects on accounting and stock market measures of firm performance. In addition, size and sales growth have an increasing effect on the performance of firms. We believe that business groups in Pakistan are efficient economic actors and can be considered responses to high transaction costs and market failures. 
The anatomy of the Cayman Islands offshore financial center: Anglo-America, Japan, and the role of hedge funds The anatomy of the Cayman Islands offshore financial center: Anglo-America, Japan, and the role of hedge funds. The Cayman. 
Biased Managers as Strategic Commitment in a Mixed Duopoly. This report analyzes a model in which both the owner of a social welfare-maximizing public firm and the owner of an absolute profit-maximizing private firm can hire biased managers for strategic reasons in a mixed duopoly in the contexts of both a price competition and a quantity competition. In this report, in a mixed duopoly, we show that in the contexts of both a price competition and a quantity competition, the owners of both firms employ more aggressive managers. In particular, in the result obtained in the price competition, the attitude of the manager employed by the owner of the private firm reverses to that obtained in the case of classical strategic delegation works. 
Corporate Governance and Disclosure Practices in Listed Information Technology (IT) Companies in India. Manuscript Type: Empirical. Research Question/Issue: The present paper attempts to analyze the level of disclosure on corporate governance practices among the biggest IT companies in India (in terms of exports as per Electronics and Computer Software Export Promotion Council (ESC) in the time period 2004-2005 to 2011-2012 and its effects on performance and profitability. Research Findings/Results: Using the survey of 6 IT companies with the Standard & Poor's score card to assess the corporate governance disclosure practices of the companies as a benchmark. It is observed that among the sample IT companies, Infosys, Wipro, TCS and HCL scored high score i. e. more than 100 and Tech Mahindra and Mphasis scored low score i. e. less than 96 in corporate governance disclosure practices. Theoretical Implications: The results of the study support theoretical arguments that corporate governance disclosure increases performance. Practical Implications: A country's government environment-especially legal and market infrastructure-highly affect the companies' rate of disclosure which then increases profitability. To policy makers and practitioners, the results suggest that corporate governance should be monitored. Good legislation and a market environment that is free from corruption are essential for corporate governance disclosure to be efficient. 
Business Models of Distributed Solar Photovoltaic Power of China: The Business Model Canvas Perspective. China is a world leader in the global solar photovoltaic industry, and has rapidly expanded its distributed solar photovoltaic (DSPV) power in recent years. However, China's DSPV power is still in its infancy. As such, its business model is still in the exploratory stage, and faces many developmental obstacles. This report summarizes and analyzes the main obstacles that China's DSPV power is facing in its development, using a literature analysis methodology. Then, previous business models, such as host-owned, energy management contract (EMC), and third-party-owned (TPO), were studied using the Business Model Canvas (BMC) as an analytical tool. Moreover, the Lean Canvas (LC) method was used to further conduct a synthesis and comparative analysis with the three models, describing how and to what extent these models can overcome identified obstacles. Finally, the study highlighted the dominant position of EMC model. 
Personal Financial Planning for College Graduates. As graduation day approaches, many college students look forward to a time when they can pursue the great things that they desire independently. But young adults, who are inadequately equipped with the essential knowledge about personal finance, make many detrimental financial mistakes until they finally become smart and diligent financial planners. If college graduates have the correct knowledge and motivation about personal finance when starting out, they can get control of their finances by making wise decisions and avoiding common pitfalls. This essay starts with determining one's personal financial goals in a realistic manner in order to set the plan. Then the essay goes on to recommend college graduates to make net worth statement in order to know the starting point of carrying out the plan. Additionally, the essay will delve into different aspects of carrying out the personal financial plan such as making a budget which serves to direct wise spending, managing credits which deals with smart borrowing, saving for the future which prepares graduates for emergencies and small extra funds and lastly, it will talk about smart investing which can bring about large wealth to college graduates who start out with little money. This essay will provide insightful information for college graduates to be financially successful. 
Production Flexibility and Hedging. We extend the analysis on hedging with price and output uncertainty by endogenizing the output decision. Specifically, we consider the joint determination of output and hedging in the case of flexibility in production. We show that the risk-averse firm always maintains a short position in the futures market when the futures price is actuarially fair. Moreover, in the context of an example, we show that the presence of production flexibility reduces the incentive to hedge for all risk averse agents. 
Theorizing about Performance Evaluation of Health Systems from the Perspective of Civil Society. One of the slogans that compose managerialism is the participation of civil society in controlling the performance of public administration, thus consolidating itself as a form of accountability. So this article is concerned with theorizing the role of civil society interested in the debate about the performance evaluation of health systems and the limits that the literature presents on this topic. An exploratory, descriptive-reflective, essay was carried out. The scientific literature on the subject presents three controversies on this subject: the first deals with the use of results measurement to evaluate performance in health systems, the second about the health system as an object of performance evaluation and the third deals with evaluation performance as a public policy in health systems, in which we brought the reflection on the case of the Unified Health System and the control of the performance of health policies by civil society. The theoretical reflection brought a wide open view to the complex relationship between society and State, their economic and political implications with performance and the limits of adopting these tools to measure. Finally, we conclude that three dimension of limits were identified (economic, political and technical) in this discussion that we need to overcome. Concerning this fact, we propose an essential research agenda. 
Does Health Insurance Modify the Association Between Race and Cancer-Specific Survival in Patients with Urinary Bladder Malignancy in the U. S. ?. Background: Scientific evidence on the effect of health insurance on racial disparities in urinary bladder cancer patients' survival is scant. The objective of our study was to determine whether insurance status modifies the association between race and bladder cancer specific survival during 2007-2015. Methods: The 2015 database of the cancer surveillance program of the National Cancer Institute (n = 39,587) was used. The independent variable was race (White, Black and Asian Pacific Islanders (API)), the main outcome was cancer specific survival. Health insurance was divided into uninsured, any Medicaid and insured. An adjusted model with an interaction term for race and insurance status was computed. Unadjusted and adjusted Cox regression analysis were applied. Results: Health insurance was a statistically significant effect modifier of the association between race and survival. Whereas, API had a lower hazard of death among the patients with Medicaid insurance (HR 0. 67; 95% CI 0. 48-0. 94 compared with White patients, no differences in survival was found between Black and White urinary bladder carcinoma patients (HR 1. 24; 95% CI 0. 95-1. 61). This may be due a lack of power. Among the insured study participants, Blacks were 1. 46 times more likely than Whites to die of bladder cancer during the 5-year follow-up (95% CI 1. 30-1. 64). Conclusions: While race is accepted as a poor prognostic factor in the mortality from bladder cancer, insurance status can help to explain some of the survival differences across races. 
Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction. Let me say from the outset that this is an excellent book to read. It is not only informative, as it should be for a book on forecasting, but it is highly entertaining. It provides a review of some of the worst forecasts in history, and also gives a fairly personal account of a number of "ordinary" individuals that Philip Tetlock got to know rather well during various forecasting tournaments and research projects that he was involved in 1. I highly recommend the book not only to practitioners who are dealing with forecasting problems on a regular basis, or academics that are interested in more technical, research questions related scoring rules, the evaluation of forecasts, and the like, but also to a much wider audience. In fact, the book's opening sentence "We are all forecasters" sums it up nicely that each and everyone of us, either formally or informally, consciously or subconsciously, is engaged in (some sort of) forecasting on a daily basis. The topic of the book is thus timely and relevant for everyone. I particularly liked the adopted writing style of the two authors, Philip Tetlock and Dan Gardner. The book is structured coherently. Moreover, it is written like a novel (rather than a textbook) in the sense that it gets the reader hooked by telling the story of the book in an unfolding fashion, with glimpses of the results of Tetlock's most recent forecasting project, the Good Judgment Project (GJP), revealed slowly and progressively in stages throughout the book. Needless to say, the combination of a Professor of psychology and a journalist as authors of the book, indeed make it difficult to put the book down once you get started. 
Exploring the Links between Employment Clusters and Economic Diversity in the British Urban System. A growing body of literature, built up over the years, has explored the cluster concept. In parallel, another body of literature has accumulated regarding the diversity and specialisation of cities. There has been little explicit linkage between these two bodies of literature. This analysis sets out to explore the potential link between these two representations of spatial patterns so that a better understanding of the relationship between the two might be established. The UK Annual Business Inquiry 2007 provides the employment data drawn from various aggregated levels of the SIC 2003 for 70 TTWAs that represent the British Urban System. The paper investigates the extent of spatial concentration of individual sectors, and provides an example of how clusters might be identified spatially. Further analysis, using data drawn from the SIC 1, 2 and 3 digit levels indicates the relationship levels diversity/specialisation have with the clustering of activities, particularly when various sub-sectors are examined. Specific locations, or groups of cities are identified, which reinforce previous understandings of some of the key concepts. The results indicate further analysis of the role of localisation and urbanisation economies and their relationship with diversity/specialisation is required with an added emphasis on occupational, rather than just industrial diversity. 
ELECTRONIC WORKSHOPS IN COMPUTING Database Programming Languages (DBPL-5) From Database Programming to Business Process Programming (Invited Talk) From Database Programming to Business Process Programming. Over the past decade, database programming has focused on languages and methodologies for developing dataintensive applications, and on techniques for efficiently implementing them. Research in this area has yielded languages with rich type systems, orthogonal persistence, support for collection types, and other advanced features. The commercial impact of this research, however, has been rather limited. Database applications are a multi-billion dollar business worldwide, but most applications are still developed using rudimentary tools. 
Risk and Financial Management How to Explain When the ES Is Lower Than One? A Bayesian Nonlinear Mixed-Effects Approach. Most studies in Vietnam use the Cobb-Douglas production function and its modifications for economic analysis. Extremely rigid presumptions are a main weak point of this functional form, particularly if the elasticity of factor substitution (ES) is equal to one, which hides the role of the ES for economic growth. The CES (constant elasticity of substitution) production function with more flexible presumptions, concretely its ES, is not unitary, and has been used more and more widely in economic investigations. So, this analysis is conducted to estimate the average ES through the specification of an aggregate CES function for the Vietnamese nonfinancial enterprises. By performing Bayesian nonlinear mixed-effects regression via Random-walk Metropolis Hastings (MH) algorithm, based on the data set of the listed nonfinancial enterprises of Vietnam, the author found that the CES function estimated for the researched enterprises has an ES lower than one, i. e. , capital and labor are complimentary. This finding shows that Vietnamese nonfinancial enterprises can confront a downward trend of output growth. 
Information Clues and Emotional Intentions: A Case Study of the Regional Image of the Cultural and Creative Community. In order to capture the value of cultural creativity, this analysis explored regional cultural creativities with different creative forms to understand how people interpret and interact with various regional cultural creative images. This was done by analyzing the abstract (performance) type of cultural creativity and the figurative (commodity) type of cultural creativity, in order to understand how existing regional cultural creativities operate information threads in social media, and how the different forms of content may lead to different levels of participation and feedback. The Cloud Gate Dance Theater can be taken as an example of an abstract cultural creation (performance type), and Green-in-hand as an example of a figurative cultural creativity (commodity type). In this analysis, all user page content for the period 1 January 2011, to 31 December 2018, and the number of user comments for each post were analyzed, for a total of 4784 posts. Computer science, data mining, big data, and social network analysis were combined to verify the findings of the analyses. Through an application programming interface (API), data and information in social media is extracted. Then data filtering, storage, and analysis is performed with meaningful information extracted for interpretation and for use in text mining to explore the relationship with the public based on content attributes. This analysis first verifies that the regional image is consistent with the social image location. Second, the information cues results found that information cues could be organized into region personality through any direct or indirect contact. Third, emotional clues can evoke emotions and self-expression, which is seen as an important clue to region emotions. In addition, this analysis also provides a conceptual framework for understanding how different forms of information, in regards to social management of existing regional cultural creativities, leads to varying levels of participation. Understanding the form of information is a key factor in the acceptance of information by the public. It is a reminder for cultural and creative institutions of the importance of text and images, and of figurative and abstract information planning in social content. In order to improve the competitiveness of the destination, using content interaction through social media to create and enhance a strong brand image is important. 
Risk and Financial Management Article An Ensemble Classifier-Based Scoring Model for Predicting Bankruptcy of Polish Companies in the Podkarpackie Voivodeship. This publication presents the methodological aspects of designing of a scoring model for an early prediction of bankruptcy by using ensemble classifiers. The main goal of the research was to develop a scoring model (with good classification properties) that can be applied in practice to assess the risk of bankruptcy of enterprises in various sectors. For the data sample, which included 1739 Polish businesses (of which 865 were bankrupt and 875 had no risk of bankruptcy), a genetic algorithm was applied to select the optimum set of 19 bankruptcy indicators, on the basis of which the classification accuracy of a number of ensemble classifier model variants (boosting, bagging and stacking) was estimated and verified. The classification effectiveness of ensemble models was compared with eight classical individual models which made use of single classifiers. A GBM-based ensemble classifier model offering superior classification capabilities was used in practice to design a scoring model, which was applied in comparative evaluation and bankruptcy risk analysis for businesses from various sectors and of different sizes from the Podkarpackie Voivodeship in 2018 (over a time horizon of up to two years). The approach applied can also be used to assess credit risk for corporate borrowers. 
Enhance or depress? The effect of trade on active females in the labour market Enhance or depress? The effect of trade on active females in the labour market. The objective of this analysis is to provide evidence for the existence of threshold effects in trade openness, which affects the female labour force participation rate (FLFPR) in Asian countries. The authors employ the proportion of export, import and total trade volume to gross domestic product to denote export and import dependency and trade openness, respectively. The panel threshold regression results indicate that there exists an optimal value in the correlation between trade openness and FLFPR below which an increase in trade openness will enhance the FLFPR; an adverse relationship exists when trade openness exceeds the threshold value. This relationship is attributed to the trade-off between the cost reduction effect and the technology channel. Furthermore, the authors further categorise trade openness into export and import dependency. The findings reveal that export dependency also has a single threshold effect on FLFPR, while import dependency exerts a negative effect on FLFPR regardless of threshold effect. Therefore, the government could promote female participation in the labour force by regulating the export policy. ARTICLE HISTORY Trade openness; female labour force participation rate; exports dependency; imports dependency; panel threshold model JEL CLASSIFICATIONS C23; F16; J16. 
Research on Fiscal Expenditure Structure and High-Quality Economic Development: An Empirical Study Based on Panel Data from Chinese Provinces from 2007 to 2017. This report quantitatively measures the quality of economic development in 30 provinces in China from 2007 to 2017 by constructing a quality of economic development comprehensive evaluation index system. Based on this, a systematic GMM empirical analysis model is used to examine the effect of fiscal expenditure structure on the quality of economic development. The research results show that, at the macro level, all types of fiscal expenditures have a positive effect on the quality of economic development, and they are ranked from large to small in terms of environmental protection expenditures, social security and employment expenditures, science, education, cultural and health expenditures, economic construction expenditures, general public service expenditure. At the meso level, science, education, cultural and health expenditures, social security and employment expenditures, and economic construction expenditures in the eastern, central, and western regions all have a positive impact on the quality of economic development. There is obvious regional heterogeneity in the impact of general public service expenditure and environmental protection expenditure on the quality of economic development. Suggestions are put forward to optimize the structure of China's fiscal expenditure to enable high-quality economic development. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Contagion Risks in Emerging Stock Markets: New Evidence from Asia and Latin America. The purpose of this analysis is to investigate whether contagion actually occurred during three well-known financial crises in 1990s and 2000s: Mexican "Tequila" crisis in 1994, Asian "flu" crisis in 1997 and US subprime crisis in 2007. We apply dynamic conditional correlation models (DCC-GARCH(1,1)) to daily stock-index returns of eight Asian stock markets, six Latin American stock markets and US stock market. Defining contagion as a significant increase of dynamic conditional correlations, we test for contagion by using a difference test for DCC means. The results obtained shows that there is a pure contagion from crisis-originating markets to other emerging stock markets during these three crisis. However, the contagion effects are different from one crisis to the other. Firstly, during the Mexican crisis, contagion is detected in only the Latin American region. Secondly, during the Asian crisis, we find evidence of contagion in some markets in both the Asian and Latin American regions. Finally, contagion is proved to be present in all stock markets with the only exception for Brazil during US subprime crisis. 
Article Bias-Variance Trade-Off in Continuous Test Norming Supplemental Material. In continuous test norming, the test score distribution is estimated as a continuous function of predictor(s). A flexible approach for norm estimation is the use of generalized additive models for location, scale, and shape. It is unknown how sensitive their estimates are to model flexibility and sample size. Generally, a flexible model that fits at the population level has smaller bias than its restricted nonfitting version, yet it has larger sampling variability. We investigated how model flexibility relates to bias, variance, and total variability in estimates of normalized z scores under empirically relevant conditions, involving the skew Student t and normal distributions as population distributions. We considered both transversal and longitudinal assumption violations. We found that models with too strict distributional assumptions yield biased estimates, whereas too flexible models yield increased variance. The skew Student t distribution, unlike the Box-Cox Power Exponential distribution, appeared problematic to estimate for normally distributed data. Recommendations for empirical norming practice are provided. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Exchange Rate Volatility and Disaggregated Manufacturing Exports: Evidence from an Emerging Country. The link between export performance and exchange rate policy has been attracting attention from policymakers, academics, and practitioners for some time, particularly for emerging countries. It has been recently claimed that implementing a policy that devalues the currency in Vietnam is an important factor for enhancing its export performance. However, it is also argued that such a policy could result in the harmful consequence of exchange rate volatility. This analysis analyzes the link between exchange rate devaluation, volatility, and export performance. The analysis focuses on the manufacturing sector and 10 of its subsectors that were engaged in the export of goods between Vietnam and 26 key export partners during the 2000-2015 period. Potential factors that could affect this relationship, such as the global financial crisis, Vietnam's participation in the World Trade Organization, or even the export partners' geographic structures, are also accounted for in the model. The findings confirm that a strategy that depreciates Vietnam's currency appears to enhance manufacturing exports in the short run, whereas the resulting exchange rate volatility has clear negative effects in the long run. The impact of exchange rate volatility on manufacturing subsectors depends on two factors, namely, (i) the type of export and (ii) the export destination. Policy implications emerging from these conclusions are presented. 
Research on User Roles Identification of Crowdsourcing Innovation Virtual Community. Crowdsourcing innovation is a new model for enterprises to acquire knowledge of external networks and achieve innovation objectives effectively. Its organizational form is relatively loose, the participants are free and voluntary, and come from a wide range of sources. Deeply understanding the heterogeneity and contribution behavior of crowdsourcing innovation participants is very important to crowdsourcing innovation practice. Taking the IdeaStorm crowdsourcing community as the research object, the data related to user interaction and contribution is captured. Through social network analysis combined with cluster analysis to explore the heterogeneity of user interaction behavior and contribution behavior and finally establish five different user roles, they have different importance to support the effective operation of the community. This analysis will be helpful to understand the crowdsourcing innovation mode and provide theoretical guidance for the effective management of crowdsourcing innovation activities in enterprise community. enterprise will outsource the innovation problems encountered by the self-built virtual community or the third-party crowdsourcing platform to the external network users. That is, enterprises solve internal innovation problems by acquiring the knowledge resources of external network users [2]. The crowdsourcing innovation model breaks the boundaries of innovation organizations and fully develops the wisdom of the public, thus effectively reducing the cost of innovation and reducing the risk of innovation. To this end, more and more enterprises adopt or gradually develop suitable crowdsourcing innovation models:
Inductive Modelling of Vulnerable Sustainability Systems. Within the context of globalisation, managing territorial resources means overcoming the following problems: difficulty in implementing integrated management processes at various organisation levels; conflicting uses; unadapted decision systems, assymetric information and uneven operative processes in each dimension of sustainable development. To illustrate and overpass those difficulties in a territorial level, we propose to introduce an analogical induction-model to describe both vulnerability situations and associated resilience procedures. The construction of this model is founded on a truly integrated approach, combining the economic, social-cultural, and ecological aspects of territorial vulnerability. Constituted by three passive components as potential energy, kinetic energy, and energy dissipation, this approach assumes that economics are a social extension of a environmental energy system. So we claim that social and ecological pillars could be defined as subsystems of a global open inductive sustainability system which considers feedbacks as evolution sources. An applicative illustration of this model will then be presented, through a case study describing 2012's American severe drought event. 
Socially Responsible Supply Chain Partnership Based-On CSR Equity Model. Although China has become the world's second largest economy, a serious urgent issue of global consequences as well as the major obstacle in the process of China's economic development is the lack of CSR. Through CSR initiatives, enterprises of all sizes, in cooperation with their stakeholders, can help to reconcile economic, social and environmental ambitions. Socially responsible supply chain partnership that integrates all efforts of CSR activities from socially responsible enterprises to upstream partner-suppliers shall be surely needed within the uncertainly globalizing and networklizing knowledge economy era. This report develops a five-step CSR Equity framework based-on socially responsible customer perspective for modeling and analysis of socially responsible supply chain partnership and shows relevant optimal coordination strategies to improving the social and environmental performance of all partners in the supply chain system. The findings suggest that the share rate of the total investment of partner-supplier's CSR efforts shall be the critical contract clause to coordinate the socially responsible supply chain partnership to implement Pareto optimal policy with cost sharing contract. Moreover, the share rate has a strong positive relativity with the ratio of marginal revenues between supply chain members, whereas negative relativity with the partner-supplier's leverage rate of CSR efforts. Leaders (60 -80) 13 4. 3% 23 7. 7% Pursuers (40 -60) 33 11. 0% 36 12. 0% Beginners (20 -40) 35 11. 7% 35 11. 7% Bystanders (<20) 218 72. 7% 205 68. 3%. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Optimal Timing to Trade along a Randomized Brownian Bridge. This report studies an optimal trading problem that incorporates the trader's market view on the terminal asset price distribution and uninformative noise embedded in the asset price dynamics. We model the underlying asset price evolution by an exponential randomized Brownian bridge (rBb) and consider various prior distributions for the random endpoint. We solve for the optimal strategies to sell a stock, call, or put, and analyze the associated delayed liquidation premia. We solve for the optimal trading strategies numerically and compare them across different prior beliefs. Among our results, we find that disconnected continuation/exercise regions arise when the trader prescribe a two-point discrete distribution and double exponential distribution. 
Domestic Violence Subjected to Different Patterns of Cultural Marriage. Violence against women and girls and its legal, social, psychological and related issues are not a new topic in social science. However, it has attracted a significant amount of attention from many researchers and still needs further investigation. Among different sources provoking violence against females such as gender inequality, insufficient protective legal systems, cultural pressure and etc. , different marital patterns have been reported by the informants of this research. Child marriage, consanguineous marriage and unregistered/white marriage put girls and women in a vulnerable position. For example, under the pressure of abusive behavior in family, females escape from patriarchal family, leave their city/country and live as a refugee. In more severe cases, they attempt suicide under the pressure of pain and suffering. In comparison with developed countries where the human rights of the female are well-established and such marital patterns are not seen, these types of martial patterns are reported in patriarchal societies. Therefore, this analysis introduces these patterns and describes their effects on provoking the domestic violence. Through interview sessions with victims of domestic violence, a qualitative methodology was used to gain in-depth information. To avoid or reduce the financial, emotional and physical costs of domestic violence, it is necessary that counselors, health care provider systems, society and authorities prioritize prevention methods and intervention programs to improve the cultural level of the society and to encourage people toward developing a violence-free society. 
Inflation expectations after financial crisis: are consumers more forward-looking? Inflation expectations after financial crisis: are consumers more forward-looking?. In this report we investigate whether consumer inflation expectations in the E. U. Member States (M. S. ) were more forward-looking after the onset of the financial crisis (October 2008(October -2016 and after the most turbulent times (2013)(2014)(2015)(2016). We compare the results with pre-crisis forward-lookingness (2002( -September 2008. Our examination covers the euro area and M. S. with national currencies. We study the properties of expectations, i. e. , expectational errors, and macroeconomic efficiency of expectations, as well as estimating the hybrid specification of expectations. We examine panel data. We found that the properties of expectations changed after the crisis sparked off and in the low inflation and deflation environment. We also discovered that formation patterns of expectations within the euro area subsample and non-euro area M. S. sample vary. As far as we know, so far no comparison of expectations properties, especially forward-lookingness among M. S. with and without common monetary policy, has been presented in the literature nor were panel data examined for the post-crisis period. Hence, the paper contributes to the literature on the properties of expectations in the E. U. 
Fair Trade Metaphor as a Control Privacy Method for Pervasive Environments: Concepts and Evaluation. This report presents a proof of concept from which the metaphor of "fair trade" is validated as an alternative to manage the private information of users. Our privacy solution deals with user's privacy as a tradable good for obtaining environmental services. Thus, users gain access to more valuable services as they share more personal information. This strategy, combined with optimistic access control and transaction registry mechanisms, enhances users' confidence in the system while encouraging them to share their information, with the consequent benefit for the community. The study results are promising considering the user responses regarding the usefulness, ease of use, information classification and perception of control with the mechanisms proposed by the metaphor. 
Exploration on the Development Path of the Activation of Ethnic Minority Villages -Take Radish Village as an Example. The radish village in Yanmen Township of Wenchuan County is one of the most representative Qiang villages in the Qiang nationality area. By investigating the development status of the village, this report analyses the traditional resources and current situation of the village, and puts forward the protection and activation from the perspectives of historical features, human settlement environment, village texture, street space and innovative tourism. The purpose of this report is to explore the path of protection and activation of minority villages through case analysis, and to realize the activation of villages in minority areas. 
Weather Derivatives with Applications to Canadian Data. We applied two daily average temperature models to Canadian cities data and derived their derivative pricing applications. The first model is characterized by mean-reverting Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process driven by general Levy process with seasonal mean and volatility. As an extension to the first model, Continuous Autoregressive (CAR) model driven by Levy process is also considered and calibrated to Canadian data. It is empirically proved that the proposed dynamics fitted Calgary and Toronto temperature data successfully. These models are also applied to derivation of an explicit price of CAT futures, and numerical prices of CDD and HDD futures using fast Fourier transform. The novelty of this report lies in the applications of daily average temperature models to Canadian cities data and CAR model driven by Levy process, futures pricing of CDD and HDD indices. 
Improving the Forecast Accuracy of Oil-Stock Nexus in GCC Countries. This report renders new insights into the predictability of GCC stock returns using crude oil prices using the approach of [1] [2] that accounts for salient features of the predictor. The results show superior performance of the oil-based stock model over time-series models (namely, AR, MA, ARMA, and ARFIMA) for both in-sample and out-of-sample forecasts. The results are robust to different oil price series (Brent and WTI prices) and forecast horizons (30 and 60 days). 
The Foundations and Reasons of County Administrated by Province Reform: Analysis Based on County Economy and People's Livelihood Perspective. In the process of the further transferring of economic and social development space to the counties in China, the County Administrated by Province Reform takes the important responsibility of solving the problem of improving the county economic performance and improving people's livelihood security system of counties. Based on this, this report investigates the Chinese reform of the financial system under the province from two aspects: the basis of the operation of the county administrated by province and the main motivation of the reform. The study finds that the county administrated by province reform is a reform based on county-level government. The fundamental reason is that the deficiency of system changes causes the county-level government's expenditure responsibility to be inconsistent with its income, and the huge financial pressure is difficult to support the county's effective and balanced development. 
Minerals Integrated Battery Scrap Recycling and Nickel Slag Cleaning with Methane Reduction. Innovative recycling routes are needed to fulfill the increasing demand for battery raw materials to ensure sufficiency in the future. The integration of battery scrap recycling and nickel slag cleaning by reduction with methane was experimentally researched for the first time in this analysis. Industrial nickel slag from the direct Outotec nickel flash smelting (DON) process was mixed with both synthetic and industrial battery scrap. The end products of the slag-scrap mixtures after reduction at 1400 * C in a CH 4 (5 vol %)-N 2 atmosphere were an Ni-Co-Cu-Fe metal alloy and FeO x -SiO 2 slag. It was noted that a higher initial amount of cobalt in the feed mixture increased the recovery of cobalt to the metal alloy. Increasing the reduction time decreased the fraction of sulfur in the metal alloy and magnetite in the slag. After reduction, manganese was deported in the slag and most of the zinc volatilized. This analysis confirmed the possibility of replacing coke with methane as a non-fossil reductant in nickel slag cleaning on a laboratory scale, and the recovery of battery metals cobalt and nickel in the slag cleaning process with good yields. 
TRADE-OFFS BETWEEN EPISTEMIC AND MORAL VALUES IN EVIDENCE-BASED POLICY. Proponents of evidence-based policy (EBP) call for public policy to be informed by high-quality evidence from randomized controlled trials. This methodological preference aims to promote several epistemic values, e. g. rigour, unbiasedness, precision, and the ability to obtain causal conclusions. I argue that there is a trade-off between these epistemic values and several non-epistemic, moral and political values. This is because the evidence afforded by standard EBP methods is differentially useful for pursuing different moral and political values. I expand on how this challenges ideals of value-freedom and -neutrality in EBP, and offer suggestions for how EBP methodology might be revised. 
Numerical Evaluation of Structural Safety for Aged Onshore Wind Foundation to Extend Service Life. In this report, for the case of "service life extension" with the same capacity for wind turbines, a structural safety evaluation was carried out to determine whether to extend the service life of the aged foundation. As a result of this analysis, it was found that the aged foundation satisfies the structural safety of material strength, ultimate strength, fatigue life, and serviceability up to the present. Although the in-service period has been over 16 years, it has been shown that the material properties of concrete have exceeded the design strength, and no significant material deterioration has occurred. Also, structural safety could be evaluated more realistically based on actual concrete properties. In particular, it has been shown that it has a fatigue life of 40 years or more, so service life can be extended. It is expected that the methodology used in this report will be useful not only for structural safety evaluation of the foundation in service, but also for decision-making for extending the service life. Furthermore, a more technical approach should be explored by many researchers in the future. 
Theoretical Observations on Power in Complex Organizations. Power is the ability to make things happen according to one's perspective by getting someone else to do something. In organizations, there are various sources of power. However, the primary source of power is the legitimate power, which means the power assigned based on job designation. Organizations are made up of individuals that exercise greater or lesser degrees of power. Sometimes, authority stems from a person's title in the organization, or from specialized knowledge and expertise. Others may exercise power through interpersonal relationships or the force of their personality. And still, others gain influence through an ability to grant access to important resources. This research will examine the structure of complex organizations with a focus on power management and power relations that can be created within the organizations themselves. It presents some observations of how the distribution and exercise of power in complex organizations varies systematically as a function of environment, organizational form, and personal characteristics of organizational members. This analysis, therefore, will define the power strategies, in order to understand the basis of the power, deepening how the power could be managed by leaders. 
Developing ESP Teaching Materials Based on the Analysis of Information Engineering Majors' Needs. Currently in China, the available ESP (English for Special Purpose) textbooks for engineering are still focused on reading, translation and grammar. Considering that Chinese undergraduates' general English levels have been improved greatly in the recent years, and many engineering students have plans to apply for graduate study or work in joint ventures in the future, their needs for ESP course have gone beyond the contents of current available textbooks. This analysis aims to analyze Chinese engineering undergraduates' needs on ESP course, and discuss how to develop ESP teaching materials and reform ESP teaching methods correspondingly. According to our investigation, the communication skill demanded by EMI (English as a Medium of Instruction) courses and English workplace is the most desirable professional English ability. About 85% of the students prefer using e-textbook, and 53. 33% of the students vote for interactive teaching method. Moreover, cross-analysis result shows that students with different vocational plans have different priorities on professional English skills. ESP practitioners need to consider these different needs, and design diverse activities for students. 
Mayur L Mandalia Organisation mondiale de la Sante. Background Financial protection is one of the main indicators to assess progress towards Universal Health Coverage. Efforts have been made globally to monitor nancial protection. However, progress in the African Region is limited. 
Medical Stakeholders' Views on the Use of Packaged Charging Based on the Diagnosis-Related Group (DRG) in the Proposed Healthcare Reform. The second stage consultation of healthcare reform in Hong Kong was launched in late 2010. One of the key features in the healthcare reform is the use of packaged charging based on Diagnosis-Related Group (DRG) structure, for reimbursement of medical fees in order to enhance cost certainty and transparency in private healthcare services. The objective of the study was to investigate the comments, concerns and suggestions of medical practitioners and private hospitals about medical pricing based on DRG. A survey completed by 1100 medical practitioners, seven focus groups with 42 medical practitioners and six hospital administrators participated was conducted. Generally, the participants believed that DRG was more applicable to straight-forward and one-off treatment procedures. Those working in the private sector and non-Family Medicine specialists were more concerned about the desirability and feasibility of DRG, and the potential of control of pricing in private market. The practice of DRG-based pricing method in certain specialties and cases which required multiple examinations and procedures for diagnosis were discussed. Concerns about doctors' selection of cases, upcoding and gaming on the charging system, as well as the high administration cost were also raised. 
How to Improve Performance and Diversity of Government-Funded Research Institute Ecosystem? Focus on Result Sharing and Feedback Policy. Despite its importance to the performance outcome of an organization, there are very few studies on how feedback mechanism impacts ecosystems of government-funded research institutes (GIs). This analysis focuses on the effect of the feedback mechanism on the average performance and diversity of a GI ecosystem. Feedback mechanisms consisted of feedback strategy and degree of result sharing. An agent-based model that embeds a genetic algorithm to replicate a real GI ecosystem was used. It was found that relational patterns between average performance and degree of result sharing varied by type of feedback policy. In contrast, convergence time, which refers to the average period of settling the stable state in the perspective of ecosystem diversity, depends on the ratio of result openness rather than the type of feedback policy. This analysis suggests two plans to improve the GI assessment system by changing the degree of result sharing and feedback type. 
18 Journal of Human Resource and Sustainability Studies Research on the Incentive Mechanism of Hidilao Hotpot's Employees Based on Grounded Theory. The traditional classical incentive model only reveals the general rule of organizational incentive, and does not give specific operation rules. The matching between organizational incentives and employee needs is still black box, and it does not reveal its core operation mechanism from the perspective of mechanism. This report took through the literature review, the Hidilao Hotpot company as a case study, through a variety of ways to collect data, the use of grounded theory to encode data analysis, and ultimately extracted 58 concepts, 26 sub-areas, 7 main areas, concluded that the Hidilao Hotpot Employee motivation formed the path, and ultimately extracted the micro-level employee motivation mechanism model. The research result of this article comes from the practice of the enterprise, which has enlightenment to the organizational incentive of the traditional catering industry and also provides a micro-research perspective and systematic mechanism research for the incentive field. 
Remote sensing What Rainfall Does Not Tell Us-Enhancing Financial Instruments with Satellite-Derived Soil Moisture and Evaporative Stress. Advanced parametric financial instruments, like weather index insurance (WII) and risk contingency credit (RCC), support disaster-risk management and reduction in the world's most disaster-prone regions. Simultaneously, satellite data that are capable of cross-checking rainfall estimates, the "standard dataset" to develop such financial safety nets, are gaining importance as complementary sources of information. This analysis concentrates on the analysis of satellite-derived multi-sensor soil moisture (ESA CCI, Version v04. 2), the evapotranspiration-based Evaporative Stress Index (ESI), and CHIRPS (Climate Hazards Group InfraRed Precipitation with Station data) rainfall estimates in nine East African countries. Based on spatial correlation analysis, we found matching spatial/temporal patterns between all three datasets, with the highest correlation coefficient occurring between October and March. In large parts of Kenya, Ethiopia, and Somalia, we observed a lower (partly negative) correlation coefficient between June and August, which was likely caused by issues related to cloud cover and the volume scattering of microwaves in sandy, hot soils. Based on simple linear and logit regression analysis with annual, national maize yield estimates as the dependent variable, we found that, depending on the chosen period (averages per year, growing or harvesting months), there was added value (higher R-squared) if two or all three variables were combined. The ESI and soil moisture have the potential to close sensitive knowledge gaps between atmospheric moisture supply and the response of the land surface in operational parametric insurance projects. For the development and calibration of WII and RCC, this means that better proxies for historical and potential future drought impact can strengthen "drought narratives", resulting in a better match between calculated payouts/credit repayment levels and the actual needs of smallholder farmers. 
How Do Chain Governance and Fair Trade Matter? A S-LCA Methodological Proposal Applied to Food Products from Belgian Alternative Chains (Part 2). Alternative food networks (AFNs) have emerged to improve both environmental and socio-economic aspects of food provisioning, including the living and working conditions of farmers. Their objectives are supposed to be mediated through the shortening of chains and/or the implication of alternative value chain actors (VCAs). Through the application of a social life cycle assessment methodological proposal on two products from three Belgian AFNs, we first verify how the AFNs meet sustainability promises. Second, we investigate how such social sustainability of the assessed products is influenced by the differentiated configurations of chain governance in the AFNs. Such a discussion of root causes of social sustainability performances in product chains have been investigated very little as of yet. Our results show that AFN perform well in some aspects (consumer aspects, work satisfaction, social ties between VCAs), but in some others, AFN chains use similar mechanisms as the ones used by mainstream chains (unbalanced market power, unfair prices, and low commitment between VCAs), with potentially detrimental effects on profitability and employment conditions for VCAs located upstream, i. e. , farms. Our framework is useful to highlight social hotspots in product chains, and to discuss these across the differences in the configurations of the chain layout and-in the end-chain governance. 145 2 of 26 are rare, with more than half of the workers being self-employed (versus 15% on average), fixed contracts less prevalent and a larger percentage of employees not having a contract (12. 5% versus 4. 7% on average) [4]. Also, "The sector has a high proportion of absenteeism due to work accidents, with relatively many workers reporting poor health and their health to be at risk because of work" [4]. Finally, a substantial percentage of farmers are "poor workers," and between farms, there are big inequalities in terms of income, with "20% of the labor force generat[ing] 78% of the [Family farm income]" [5]. Exact figures are rare, but in the beginning of the 2000s, 31% of Belgian farm households earned less than a poverty threshold of EUR20,000 [6]. In France, a recent figure shows that 30% of French farmers earns less than EUR354 a month [7]. Farms facing income issues are generally small and mixed farms, big cereals farms having the highest incomes [5]. These figures do not take into account the high number of work hours per farmer: In France, farmers work 15% more than a craftsperson, and 35% more than an employee [8]. At the EU level, "The agricultural sector stands out as having the highest proportion of workers performing an excessive number of working hours" [2]. While these first-order socio-economic issues (e. g. , revenue, working conditions) start to be relatively well documented, one objective of the present paper is to expand beyond and embrace the multi-dimensional and multi-actor reality of social sustainability issues and challenges in the food chains. 
Phytochemical Characterization of Commercial Processed Blueberry, Blackberry, Blackcurrant, Cranberry, and Raspberry and Their Antioxidant Activity. Being delicious and containing strong disease-fighting agents, berries represent an increasing proportion of fruits consumed nowadays in our diet. However, berries are highly perishable as fresh and, therefore, they are usually processed into various products to extend their shelf-life and availability throughout the year. Among the fruit-containing products, jam is one of the most common due to its nourishing properties, its low production costs, and its accessibility for a lengthy period. Rather than home preparation, consumers nowadays increasingly prefer to purchase commercial jams from markets due to its convenience. Although fresh berries have been extensively studied for their phenolic compounds, a limited number of studies investigating commercially manufactured jams have been conducted so far. Considering this, the objective of this analysis was to assess the total phenolic, flavonoid, and anthocyanin content and the antioxidant activity of five commonly consumed commercial berry jams (blueberry (Vaccinium myrtillus), blackberry (Rubus fruticosus) and blackcurrant (Ribes nigrun) mixture, blackcurrant (Ribes nigrun), cranberry (Vaccinium macrocarpon) and raspberry (Rubus idaeus)) collected from the market. Even though a possible loss of phenolics, anthocyanins, and a decrease of radical scavenging activity may occur during jam processing and subsequent storage, our data indicated that the selected commercial jams remained good sources of nutritive molecules with antioxidant properties based on the high levels of total phenolics, flavonoids, anthocyanins, and elevated antioxidant activities determined in this analysis. Additionally, the samples were characterized by GC-MS for their volatile profiles, and terpenes were found to be the dominating class covering more than 74% of volatile compounds in the jams. 
Estimation of Default Probabilities: Application of the Discriminant Analysis and the Structural Approach for Companies Listed on the BVC. This article aims to compare the calculated results of the structural approach (Internal Ratings-Based IRB) and the discriminant analysis (Z-score of Altman, 1968), based on data from companies listed on the BVC for the period from 02. 
The Nonlinearity of the New Keynesian Phillips Curve: The Case of Tunisia. This article seeks to check the nonlinearity of the Phillips curve in Tunisia for the 1993-2012 period, relying on a hybrid new Keynesian Phillips curve modeled via a Logistic Smooth Transition Regression (LSTR) model with endogenous variables. We estimate this model using the nonlinear instrumental variables. The empirical results corroborate the new Keynesian assumption ofprice rigidity and show that the response of inflation to the output gap tends to be significant only if the inflation rate tends to be relatively high and exceeds a certain threshold. For a low inflation rate, the price rigidity dominates. This result is particularly evident in Tunisia, especially for the years following the 2011 revolution during which the elasticity of inflation rate to an excess demand has become highly important and the inflation rate experienced record levels. 
IS THERE A MARKET FOR BRANDED GULF OF MEXICO OYSTERS?. We administered an online choice experiment to a sample of U. S. raw-oyster consumers to identify factors influencing preferences for Gulf of Mexico oysters, determined the extent of preference heterogeneity, and estimated marginal willingness to pay for specific varieties and other key attributes. Results indicate significant preference heterogeneity among select varieties, with non-Gulf respondents estimated to require a price discount on Gulf oyster varieties on the order of $3-$6/half dozen. Gulf respondents were found to be less sensitive to oyster variety, and estimated to be willing to pay a price premium only for select Gulf varieties on the order of $0-$3/half dozen. 
Transformation of Semantic Analysis to Com+ Business Requirements Using MDA Approach. Model Driven Architecture (MDA) is one of many competing techniques that have the potential to contribute towards the development of better software systems. However the business support at Computation-Independent Model (CIM) level does not necessarily allow the development teams to utilize its power and it might become difficult to bridge the gap between analysis, design and implementation phases. Consequently, the clients usually do not get what they want. Semantic Analysis expressed as ontology charts offers a very sound business analytical method that can be used to overcome these problems. The aim of this report is, with the help of Meta Object Facility (MOF) meta-model, to advocate the use of Semantic Analysis and to present a method of transforming it to the Component Object Model (COM+) architecture, which is the Microsoft standard for developing application programs. 
Is Political Ideology Stable? Evidence from Long-Serving Members of the United States Congress. This analysis extends the political science and political psychology literature on the political ideology of lawmakers by addressing the following question: How stable is a legislator's political ideology over time? In doing so, we employ Nokken-Poole scores of legislators' political ideology for members of the United States (U. S. ) House of Representatives and the U. S. Senate who were elected prior to the 103rd Congress that began in early 1991 and who served consecutively through the 115th Congress, which ended in early 2019. Results from individual time-series estimations suggest that political ideology is unstable over time for a sizable portion of the members of both major political parties who serve in the U. S. Congress, while analysis of the pooled data suggests that, after accounting for inertia in political ideology and individual legislator effects, Republican legislators become more conservative over time. These results run somewhat counter to the finding in prior studies that the political ideologies of lawmakers and other political elites are stable over time. 
China's ODI Motivations, Political Risk, Institutional Distance and Location Choice. Utilizing an outward foreign direct investment (ODI) data sample of 48 countries and districts from the year 2003 to 2010, and based on institutional distance theory, a resource-based view, an institutional-based view and political risk management theory, this report applies multiple regression equations to explore the linkages between China's ODI motivations, political risk, institutional distance and location choice. We obtain the following conclusions: 1) there are three different motivations affecting China's ODI location choice, namely, resource-seeking, strategic asset-seeking and market-seeking motivations; 2) generally, China's multinational enterprises are inclined to invest ODI in countries with high political risk and short institutional distance; and 3) multinational enterprises with different ODI motivations have diverse location choices. For resource-seeking foreign investment, Chinese multinational enterprises tend to invest in countries with high political risk and short institutional distance. For strategic asset-seeking foreign investment, Chinese multinational enterprises tend to avoid countries with high political risk and short institutional distance. For market-seeking foreign investment, multinational enterprises of China tend to avoid countries with high political risk and short institutional distance. 
Treatises and Ars construendi: Teaching's Method Theory and Practice of Critical History's Application Based on Teacher-Student Relationships. The topic of this lecture is the results' description obtained during many years of teaching. We shall illustrate how students use the same analytical techniques to study two different aspects: 1) Architectural Treatises are first studied separately and then in a comparative way. The purpose of this graphic analysis is to reach a new interpretation of them through the realization of original graphics; 2) The Roman Ars construendi: architectural techniques and buildings' typologies used by the Romans are investigated in the archaeological sites, where the reading of buildings' stratification in different historical periods becomes an important teaching tool. 
Migration Flows and Effects in the CIS Countries-Dynamic Modelling. Labour migration across countries has been playing a key role in the process of economic integration in the countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). The experience of labour migration in CIS appears to be characterized by growing complexity with an increasingly diverse array of countries of origin and destination. The main issues of this report are: 1) to understand how wage dynamics defined by the labour demand/supply ratio feeds back to migration dynamics, which affects the migration flows between sending and receiving countries over time; 2) to explore how the age structure affects migration flow which in turn effects labour supply in the host country; and 3) to project the potential future migration flow and its impacts on surplus and deficit of labour resource, in order to provide the relevant for migration policies at the both national and regional levels. In this report we analyse these issues within a dynamic framework; we consider migrant flow into a host region/country at certain moments of time depending on the relationship between expected earnings, costs, and age structure. In addition, we also consider how migration flows interact with natural population growth and age structure in sending and hosting countries. 
Banking market reaction to auctions of failed banks. In this analysis, we find that non-merger rival banks of failed banks from 2008 to 2013 experience substantial negative abnormal stock returns in the United States when failed banks are auctioned. Negative abnormal returns are related to contagion effects associated with an increased probability of their own failure and the information of these rival banks' opaque assets. We also find evidence that FDIC resolutions of these failed banks, similar to previous regulatory interventions, distort the market competition. 
Exploiting Inter-Organizational Relationships in Health Care: A Bibliometric Analysis and Literature Review. Inter-organizational relationships are high on the health policy agenda. Scholars and practitioners have provided heterogeneous views about the triggers of collaborative practices and the success factors that underpin the sustainability of inter-organizational relationships in the health care domain. The article proposes a literature review aimed at systematizing current scientific research that contextualizes inter-organizational relationships to health care. A mixed approach was undertaken, which consisted of a bibliometric analysis followed by a narrative literature review. A tailored search strategy on Elsevier's Scopus yielded 411 relevant records, which were carefully screened for inclusion in this analysis. After screening, 105 papers were found to be consistent with the study purposes and included in this literature review. The findings emphasize that the establishment and implementation of inter-organizational relationships in health care are affected by several ambiguities, which concern both the governance and the structuring of collaborative relationships. The viability and the success of inter-organizational relationships depend on the ability of both central and peripheral partners to acknowledge and address such ambiguities. Failure to do so involves an opportunistic participation to inter-organizational relationships. This endangers conflicting behaviors rather than collaboration among partners. 
Vacation Home Rental Concept and Its Connection to Climate Change-A Literature Review. Gone are the days when tourists had to rely solely on hotels. The new age tourists' accommodation is simply known as vacation home rentals. Companies like Airbnb seem to be taking leaps in the tourism sector with the rapid propagation of their vacation home rental concepts; making hotels fear losing their position on the market. Moreover, with rising issues on climate change, it has become worth understanding how vacation home rental can aid. As such, this analysis has attempted to understand how vacation home rental companies function, their possible threat to hotels and their contribution to mitigate and adapt to climate changes. This analysis adopted a qualitative research methodology and used the integrative literature review approach. Climate change is a global phenomenon impelling people to think and act differently so as to have a better future. So, are vacation home rental concepts a boon for the planet and its living entities while being a curse for hotels?
The Efficiency Analysis of National R&D Planning for the Field of Precision Medicine in Korea. Precision medicine has received a lot of attention in recent years and we have not yet found any research cases that apply Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) to investment decision making in this area. The purpose of this analysis is to analyze the relative efficiency of candidate technology sectors in order to determine priorities for government investment in precision medicine. The results of the efficiency analysis can be used as an important reference for government policy makers to determine the amount of government investment in the next year for each candidate technology sector. The candidate technology for government investment in precision medicine was decided for 23 sectors based on the data analysis and the opinions of expert committees. This analysis applies the input-oriented DEA in regard to 23 technology sectors, which is widely used to analyze relative efficiency in terms of inputs versus outputs and to enhance efficiency through the propositional reduction of inputs. The input variables include the government's research and development (R&D) investment and forward and backward industry linkage effects. The output variables are the employment creation effect, value-added effect, number of Korean patents, and number of Korean papers. Our analysis results show that the 23 technology sectors in precision medicine overall have a high efficiency, with the exception of the biobank technology sector. Therefore, since the Biobank technology sector has strong infrastructure characteristics, it seems to require continuous investment. The efficiency of DEA is high in most precision medicine sectors; therefore, overall, investing in these technologies is expected to yield good benefits. technology competitiveness through innovation for economic growth. From this perspective, we briefly examine advanced research. Yun applied the technique of open innovation to overcome the limits of capitalism growth [2]. Kim et al. suggested that technological innovation is an important source of national competitiveness in the service industry due to the arrival of a knowledge-based society [3]. Based on the stagnation of the world economy in recent years, many experts argue for the need to create new market demands through new technology via openness, convergence, and artificial intelligence to overcome the current economic crisis [4]. In conclusion, the fourth industrial revolution and innovation growth are recognized as important keywords to obtain better economic growth from scientific technologies. 
Performance and Energy Trade-Offs for Parallel Applications on Heterogeneous Multi-Processing Systems. This work proposes a methodology to find performance and energy trade-offs for parallel applications running on Heterogeneous Multi-Processing systems with a single instruction-set architecture. These offer flexibility in the form of different core types and voltage and frequency pairings, defining a vast design space to explore. Therefore, for a given application, choosing a configuration that optimizes the performance and energy consumption is not straightforward. Our method proposes novel analytical models for performance and power consumption whose parameters can be fitted using only a few strategically sampled offline measurements. These models are then used to estimate an application's performance and energy consumption for the whole configuration space. In turn, these offline predictions define the choice of estimated Pareto-optimal configurations of the model, which are used to inform the selection of the configuration that the application should be executed on. The methodology was validated on an ODROID-XU3 board for eight programs from the PARSEC Benchmark, Phoronix Test Suite and Rodinia applications. The generated Pareto-optimal configuration space represented a 99% reduction of the universe of all available configurations. Energy savings of up to 59. 77%, 61. 38% and 17. 7% were observed when compared to the performance, ondemand and powersave Linux governors, respectively, with higher or similar performance. 
Why APRC is misleading and how it should be reformed. The annual percentage rate of charge (APRC) designed to reflect all costs of borrowing is a widely used measure to compare different credit products. It disregards completely, however, risks of possible future changes in interest and exchange rates. As an unintended consequence of the general advice to minimize APRC, many borrowers take adjustable-rate mortgages with extremely short interest rate period or foreign currency denominated loans and run into an excessive risk without really being aware of it. To avoid this, we propose a new, risk-adjusted APRC incorporating also the potential costs of risk hedging. This new measure eliminates most of the virtual advantages of riskier structures and reduces the danger of excessive risk-taking. As an illustration, we analyze the latest Hungarian home loan trends with the help of scenario analysis. 
Hedge or Rebalance: Optimal Risk Management with Transaction Costs. We solve the problem of optimal risk management for an investor holding an illiquid, alpha-generating fund and hedging his/her position with a liquid futures contract. When the investor is subject to a lower bound on net return, he/she is forced to reduce the total risk of his/her portfolio after a loss. In this case, he/she faces a tradeoff of either paying the transaction costs and deleveraging or keeping his/her current position in the illiquid instrument and hedging away some of the risk while keeping the residual, unhedgeable risk on his/her balance sheet. We explicitly characterize this tradeoff and study its dependence on asset characteristics. In particular, we show that higher alpha and lower beta typically widen the no-trading zone, while the impact of volatility is ambiguous. 
Environmental and social responsibility of business in the congress and exhibition industry. The place of congress and exhibition activities in the system of business tourism is shown, general approaches to assessing the contribution of tourism to the destination economy are systematized and analysed in terms of their use in the meeting industry. Four basic models for estimating the multiplier effects of tourism are presented. The analysis showed that the "input-output" model has certain advantages over other models, specifically, that it allows taking sectoral features into account during the analysis, since the assessment algorithm focuses on crosssectoral links. In order to develop a methodological apparatus for assessing the contribution of congress and exhibition services to the development of a destination, a group of indicators, according to which it is advisable to carry out an assessment, has been proposed, among which are four basic groups that include specific indicators of assessment: a group of economic and social indicators; a group of indicators related to the promotion of destination on national and world markets; a group of business indicators; a group of indicators of research intensity of destination industries. Recommendations for the development of a system of training and advanced training of specialists for the congress and exhibition industry have been made. 
Feasibility and Acceptability of Long-Staying Healthcare Service Facilities in Developing Areas. This report proposes to construct long-staying healthcare service facilities in developing areas for the purposes to serve the local people and the visiting people from the distant areas including developed areas or foreign countries. This is a new business model of half-public and half-private character to complement the insufficiencies of and to fill the gaps between the governmental medical aid from developed countries to developing countries and the medical tourism from developed areas to developing areas or verse versa mainly at individual levels. Using a set of conceptual methods like need analysis, obstacle analysis, conflict analysis and complementarity analysis, this report examines the merits and the problems of the proposed third type (eclectic) system to healthcare service providers, service users, the host areas and the local communities. 
Algorithmic Optimization of BDDs and Performance Evaluation for Multi-level Logic Circuits with Area and Power Trade-offs. Binary Decision Diagrams (BDDs) can be graphically manipulated to reduce the number of nodes and hence the area. In this context, ordering of BDDs play a major role. Most of the algorithms for input variable ordering of OBDD focus primarily on area minimization. However, suitable input variable ordering helps in minimizing the power consumption also. In this particular work, we have proposed two algorithms namely, a genetic algorithm based technique and a branch and bound algorithm to find an optimal input variable order. Of course, the node reordering is taken care of by the standard BDD package buddy-2. 4. Moreover, we have evaluated the performances of the proposed algorithms by running an exhaustive search program. Experimental results show a substantial saving in area and power. We have also compared our techniques with other state-of-art techniques of variable ordering for OBDDs and found to give superior results. 
Visualising Business Data: A Survey. A rapidly increasing number of businesses rely on visualisation solutions for their data management challenges. This demand stems from an industry-wide shift towards data-driven approaches to decision making and problem-solving. However, there is an overwhelming mass of heterogeneous data collected as a result. The analysis of these data become a critical and challenging part of the business process. Employing visual analysis increases data comprehension thus enabling a wider range of users to interpret the underlying behaviour, as opposed to skilled but expensive data analysts. Widening the reach to an audience with a broader range of backgrounds creates new opportunities for decision making, problem-solving, trend identification, and creative thinking. In this survey, we identify trends in business visualisation and visual analytic literature where visualisation is used to address data challenges and identify areas in which industries use visual design to develop their understanding of the business environment. Our novel classification of literature includes the topics of businesses intelligence, business ecosystem, customer-centric. This survey provides a valuable overview and insight into the business visualisation literature with a novel classification that highlights both mature and less developed research directions. 
Effect of Urea Concentration on the Viscosity and Thermal Stability of Aqueous NaOH/Urea Cellulose Solutions. Aqueous solutions of sodium hydroxide (NaOH) and urea are a known and versatile solvent for cellulose. The dissolution of cellulose occurs at subambient temperatures through the formation of a cellulose-NaOH-urea "inclusion complex" (IC). NaOH and urea form a hydrate layer around the cellulose chains preventing chain agglomeration. Urea is known to stabilize the solution but its direct role is unknown. Using viscometry and quartz crystal microbalance with dissipation monitoring (QCM-D) it could be shown that the addition of urea reduced the solutions viscosity of the tested solutions by almost 40% and also increased the gelation temperature from approximately 40 [?] C to 90 [?] C. Both effects could also be observed in the presence of additional cellulose powder serving as a physical cross-linker. Using Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy during heating, it could be shown that a direct interaction occurs between urea and the cellulose molecules, reducing their ability to form hydrogen bonds with neighbouring chains. 
Do Higher Tax Rates Encourage/Discourage Tax Compliance?. In this survey, we try to summarize what economists know about how increasing tax rate affects both tax evasion and the willingness to pay taxes. We show how this apparently trivial question presents puzzling results. This report introduces the main contributions that have attempted to explain the apparent contradiction between the empirical evidence on the reaction of taxpayers to changes in tax rate levels and the results obtained by the standard models of tax evasion. In an effort to shed some light on this issue, the paper primarily concludes that there is more than enough room for further research on the relationship between tax evasion and tax rates given the many gaps in the literature concerning on this topic. 
Research on Industry Leaders' External Auditing Demand in China. This report validates the demand for audit's signal transfer theory by China's A-share listed company data. As having a significant influence on the region and the industries where they locate in, industry leaders will catch more attention. In this case, compared to other companies, industry leaders have stronger demands for high-quality audit services, because it can transmit a signal to the market that they are under a good company supervision. However, high growth industry leaders don't have a stronger demand for high quality audit services than other ones as we refer in the hypothesis. The reason is that even industry leaders do not have external financing needed, they will still choose high-quality audit services, as it can transfer a good signal to the outside world. 
Human Resources Information System (HRIS): A Theoretical Perspective. HRIS is one of the major modern HR tools. In developed countries, it became popular since the beginning of this century. In Bangladesh, corporate organizations have started to implement HRIS in last 5 years. But still its implementation is limited within the big corporate houses. Small corporate houses and public organizations have failed to realize the benefits of HRIS and taken hardly any initiative to implement the system. The major barrier to success of HRIS is the lack of management commitment. The major limitation is the high cost. But the benefits of the HRIS are more than the limitations. Once it is implemented in any organization, employees and management have accepted and realized the benefits. But to get it implemented is a challenge. This analysis is an attempt to provide a theoretical analysis of the HRIS implementation with analysis of benefits, limitations and barriers. A case study was prepared to provide a better understanding of the topic in a real life context. 
Chronicle of a Failure Foretold: 2017 Rector Election at Ghent University. After more than half a year of elections (yielding three voting stages and nine voting rounds), the 2017 Rector election at Ghent University (Belgium) resulted in a victory for the duo leading all nine voting rounds, and in a resounding defeat for the electoral system. Significant regulation changes were needed in order to break the institutional deadlock in which Ghent University found itself. In this report, we follow the timeline of the election and dissect what went wrong in the election planning. 
Study on the Development Strategy of Airport Economy in Dalian. In recent years, the airport's influence on economic development has become stronger. Airport economy has become the new engine of promoting regional economic development. As a resource-based city, Dalian has included the development of airport economy in Dalian's Development Plan, focusing on building airport economy circle, to make airport economy as an important section of driving regional economic development. SWOT stands for: strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats. The so-called SWOT analysis is based on the internal and external competitive environment and competitive conditions of the situation. The main internal advantages, disadvantages and external opportunities and threats that are closely related to the research object are listed through investigation, arranged according to the matrix form, and then analyzed with the idea of systematic analysis, from which a series of corresponding conclusions are drawn. In this context, this article analyzed the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats of developing airport economy in Dalian, and proposed the strategic choice of the development of airport economy in Dalian. 
Corporate Social Responsibility Risk and Audit Opinion. This article studies the impact of corporate social responsibility on audit costs. Most of the previous studies are based on the social responsibility report level. This report starts with the third party rating agency's assessment of corporate social responsibility risk to carry out research on its impact on audit costs. It is found that corporate social responsibility risk will significantly increase the audit costs. At the same time, this report finds that the audit of the company by the international big four accounting firms or the company's social responsibility report may reduce the impact of social responsibility risk on audit costs. 
A Social Innovation Model for Reducing Food Waste: The Case Study of an Italian Non-Profit Organization. Food waste (FW) is always considered as one of the main challenges for the planet Earth in terms of ethical and social impacts as well as economic and environmental ones. In September 2015, the UN launched the Agenda for 2030 for sustainable development, establishing the 50% reduction in FW at the retail and consumer levels by 2030, as well as food loss along food supply chains. However, there are some concerns about the possibility of concretely reaching this target. One is surely due to the fact that more targeted strategies are more oriented towards logistic/marketing functions than social ones, losing the importance deriving from the reconfiguration of social networks in food redistribution. In this context, the aim of this report is to improve understanding about how social innovation models can enhance FW reduction, building new relations inside the stakeholders network, and involving new actors usually not actively participating. To do this, the authors present a case study of an Italian non-profit project, named Avanzi Popolo 2. 0, adopting this type of approach. The results highlight the importance of building the sense of community and of creating social capital in local food redistribution networks for tackling the issue of FW reduction. 
ESTIMATION OF INSURANCE DEDUCTIBLE DEMAND UNDER ENDOGENOUS PREMIUM RATES. Government-subsidized insurance is ubiquitous, yet estimation of demand in such markets remains challenging. The premium charged for a given deductible is determined by actuarial construction; thus, observed choicepairs are endogenous leading to biased estimation under standard econometric approaches. A theoretical model and simulation study are developed, and a new identification strategy proposed. An empirical application using Federal Crop Insurance Program-a $100 billion/year program-data reveals that demand is quite elastic after accounting for this endogeneity. Mistreatment of such endogeneity is likely partly responsible for pervasive faulty findings of inelastic insurance demand in related applications. Policy implications are also discussed. 
Knowledge Mapping Analysis of the Papers about Heqin Chen's Educational Thought in CNKI over the Past 20 Years. In this report, knowledge map and network analysis are used to visualize and analyze Heqin Chen's educational thoughts published in CNKI in the past 20 years. This report finds out the problems in existing research results and puts forward some suggestions for those problems on how to study Heqin Chen's educational thought in the future. 
An Overview of Research on the Definition and Formation of Cities. Urbanization, as the essential way to modernize and solve the issue of agriculture, rural areas and farmers, it provides strong support to promote the regional coordinated development. To sort out and summarize the definition and formation of cities can provide some ideas for rural areas to find their own urbanization road. 
Pilot development of innovation scales for beverage manufacturing companies in a developing country Pilot development of innovation scales for beverage manufacturing companies in a developing country ABOUT THE AUTHORS. Innovation can enhance economic success for companies and countries alike. This analysis identified innovation drivers for beverage manufacturing companies in the developing nation, Trinidad and Tobago (T&T). Factor analysis using principal components analysis was applied to self-reported data from 14 beverage manufacturers, organising 10 influencing variables into 3 components that impacted on the companies' innovation. Component 1 addresses the role of company acquisitions, customer feedback and employee feedback regarding product improvements, Component 2 deals with the value of same-industry company collaborations and new ideas proposed by managers or customers and Component 3 focuses on supporting research and development through industrial park tenancy, hiring R&D personnel and higher education collaboration. Findings are discussed in the context of several characteristics of innovation in T&T, including the observed tendency of companies to practice incremental as opposed to radical innovation. Management recommendations to boost innovation include leveraging government policies, developing external collaborations, making management systems more innovation-focused, enhancing employees' innovation competencies, focusing on actively generating new ideas to drive radical innovation and embedding innovation targets and performance measures into routine operations. Prospects for further research include studying how innovation is supported or hindered by within-industry collaboration in developed vs. developing countries. 
Enhanced Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Contents in Muscle and Edible Organs of Australian Prime Lambs Grazing Lucerne and Cocksfoot Pastures. The enhancement of health-beneficial omega-3 long-chain (>=C20. 
Performance of the Heston's Stochastic Volatility Model: A Study in Indian Index Options Market. This analysis attempts to analyse one-day-ahead out-of-sample performance of the stochastic volatility model of Heston (SVH) in the Indian context. Also, the study compares the ex-ante performance of the SVH with that of a Two-Scale-Realised-Volatility (TSRV)-based Black-Scholes model (BS) using the liquidity-weighted performance metrics. For the purpose, we utilise the tick-by-tick data of the CNX Nifty index and options thereon, the most liquid equity options in the world in terms of the number of contracts traded 1. Additionally, the study compares the two models across subgroups based on the moneyness, volatility of the underlying and time-to-expiration of the options. The results establish that the SVH model is better than the BS model in pricing equity index options. Further, the SVH model appears to be superior across all the subgroups, for both call options and put options. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Bivariate Kumaraswamy Models via Modified FGM Copulas: Properties and Applications. A copula is a useful tool for constructing bivariate and/or multivariate distributions. In this article, we consider a new modified class of FGM (Farlie-Gumbel-Morgenstern) bivariate copula for constructing several different bivariate Kumaraswamy type copulas and discuss their structural properties, including dependence structures. It is established that construction of bivariate distributions by this method allows for greater flexibility in the values of Spearman's correlation coefficient, r and Kendall's t. 
Research on Bayu Traditional Sports Develop-ment. Bayu traditional national sport is non-material cultural heritage with local folk characteristics. Today, traditional sports development in Bayu areas affects various aspects which cannot be a good cause to inherit and carry forward. This report studies the factors limiting its development from a regional, national and entertaining three aspects of the heritage value of the effective Bayu traditional sports and space to develop their survival and development which have to play a certain reference. 
Guaranteed renewable life insurance under demand uncertainty. Guaranteed renewability (GR) is a prominent feature in many health and life insurance markets. We develop a model that includes unpredictable (and unobservable) fluctuations in demand for life insurance as well as changes in risk type (observable) over individuals' lifetimes. The presence of demand type heterogeneity leads to the possibility that optimal GR contracts may have a renewal price that is either above or below the actuarially fair price of the lowest risk type in the population. Individuals whose type turns out to be high risk but low demand renew more of their GR insurance than is efficient due to the attractive renewal price. This results in imperfect insurance against reclassification risk. Although a first-best efficient contract is not possible in the presence of demand type heterogeneity, the presence of GR contracts nonetheless improves welfare relative to an environment with only spot markets. 
Allocating Collaborative Profit in Less-than-Truckload Carrier Alliance. International Financial Crisis has made the less-than-truckload (LTL) industry face with severe challenges of survival and development. More and more small and medium-sized LTL carriers choose to collaborate as the potential savings are large, often in the range 5-15%. A key question is how to distribute profits/savings among the participants. Since every LTL carriers are guided by their own self-interests and their contributions to the collaboration are quite different, the proposed allocation method should be a collectively and individually desirable solution. In this report, we firstly analyze the profit opportunities from collaboration and present mechanisms to realize these benefits by two illustrative examples. Based on the cooperative game theory, we formulate the LTL collaboration game and discuss the well-known profit allocation concepts including Proportional Allocation, Shapley value and Nucleolus. We then propose a new al-location method named Weighted Relative Savings Model (WRSM) which is in the core and minimizes the maximum difference between weighted relative savings among the participants. Simulation result for real-life instances shows the effectiveness of WRSM. 
Sustainability A Brief Note on the Heap Leaching Technologies for the Recovery of Valuable Metals. Heap leaching is a low-cost technology used in industrial mining to recover precious metals such as gold and uranium, along with several other highly sought after metals like copper, from their primary resources (ores and minerals). For many decades, there has been a growing demand for heap leaching due to its environmental benefits. Heap leaching provides mining operators with a benign, effective and economical solution for the environment and produces only minor emissions from furnaces. The cost of the heap leaching process is low, making this process an attractive option from a financial standpoint. Here, we shall present a brief review of the heap leaching process when applied to the extraction of different metals from primary resources (ores and minerals). This report presents a roadmap to satisfy future national demands for rare earth elements (REEs). This heap leaching process is applicable for the recovery of REEs from secondary resources such as mining and coal residues. Heap leaching plays a significant role in the recovery of critical elements which are used in clean and green energy applications. In the mining sector, heap leaching is a distinguished method for the recovery of valuable/beneficial metals from low-quality ore. In the present study, we shall report briefly on the heap leaching technologies for valuable metal recovery with economic advantages. 
4: 1402474 PACIS2017 and PACIS2016 proceedings. Customer relationship management (CRM) is an IT-based system that manage customer long-term relationship, and also inter-functional relationship within the organization with the ultimate purpose of creating customer value by sharing concise, sufficient, accurate, timely, and reliable information. The purpose of this report is to analyze how different kinds of communication: inter-personal interaction (IPI), written interaction (WI), and collaboration (CB) affect (i) the perceived ease of use (PEU), (ii) the perceived usefulness (PU) and ultimately (iii) the acceptance of CRM? And proposes a research model representing the relationships among WI, IPI, CB, PEU, PU, and involvement. Data collected through online survey from 210 large companies in Pakistan are analyzed. Result shows that IPI instead of collaboration has significant positive effect on PEU and PU and play important role in the acceptance of CRM system. But, WI should be viewed with more caution, because it showed negative relationship. Moreover, PEU and PU of CRM system have Communication play a significant role and it is one of the important organizational function that's an organization to stay productive and efficient. One of the most significant organizational communication is inter-functional communication, the institute of customer relationship management (CRM). The significance of communication between departments in an organization comes to be best evident when that communication breaks down in the departments. The implementation of different policies to build up inter-departmental communication help to emphasize its significance and retain an effective flow of information. Customer Relationship Management (CRM) is an IT based system that manage customer long term relationship, and also inter-functional relationship within the organization with the ultimate purpose of creating customer value by sharing concise, sufficient, accurate, timely, and reliable information. Inter-functional communication using CRM system is critical for the organization to stay productive and efficient, because it reduces inter-functional conflicts. Effective planning, implementation and usage of CRM system depends on three inter-functional communication perspective; interpersonal interaction, written interaction, and collaboration which ultimately play important role in developing higher perceived ease of use and perceived usefulness of the CRM system among employees for accepting the CRM system. 
Strategic Choice of Market Instrument. This report proposes a model where both regulator and industry behave strategically to endogenously choose the optimal market instrument. The regulator payoff function includes political gains from investment in abatement and improvement in the provision of the environmental good in addition to the efficient choice of the instrument level. Whereas the industry's objective is to minimize abatement costs. Under plausible conditions, the model suggests that quantity instrument is favorable to the regulator. Also, industry with high cost of abatement has a better incentive to invest in clean technology. Regulator gains from increasing the provision of environmental good and from industry investing in abatement. 
Responsibility for Psychological Sense of Community and Well-Being in Old Age: A Qualitative Study of Urban Older Adults in Norway. The purpose of the present study is to explore older adults' understanding and conceptualizations of the concept "psychological sense of community" (PSOC) as experiences of belonging and being part of seem to be important in old age. Twelve older informants from Oslo (the capital of Norway) were interviewed. A thematic and discourse analytical approach was used to identify and depict the most central themes in the older adults' meaning of PSOC in-depth and in relation to context. The findings show that there are important parts of Norwegian older adults' meanings of PSOC that goes beyond dimensions included in the predominant conceptualization of PSOC. "Individual responsibility for PSOC in old age", identified as the most salient theme, reflects core Norwegian cultural values and provides new insight to premises of PSOC and well-being in old age. Furthermore, the findings in this Scandinavian sample extend the understanding of older adults' efforts to maintain their PSOC and well-being through life-changing transitions. 
A Study of Parameters Related to the Etch Rate for a Dry Etch Process Using NF 3 /O 2 and SF 6 /O 2. The characteristics of the dry etching of SiN :H thin films for display devices using SF 6 /O 2 and NF 3 /O 2 were investigated using a dual-frequency capacitively coupled plasma reactive ion etching (CCP-RIE) system. The investigation was carried out by varying the RF power ratio (13. 56 MHz/2 MHz), pressure, and gas flow ratio. For the SiN :H film, the etch rates obtained using NF 3 /O 2 were higher than those obtained using SF 6 /O 2 under various process conditions. The relationships between the etch rates and the usual monitoring parameters-the optical emission spectroscopy (OES) intensity of atomic fluorine (685. 1 nm and 702. 89 nm) and the voltages and -were investigated. The OES intensity data indicated a correlation between the bulk plasma density and the atomic fluorine density. The etch rate was proportional to the product of the OES intensity of atomic fluorine ( (F)) and the square root of the voltages ([?] h + ) on the assumption that the velocity of the reactive fluorine was proportional to the square root of the voltages. 
Applicability of Transaction Cost Economics to Understanding Organizational Structures in Solidarity-Based Food Systems in Germany. In response to consumer concerns about sustainability of food production and distribution systems, and the difficulties many agricultural producers face to self-sustain while providing the quality of products consumers desire, alternatives to market-based exchange are developing. Solidarity-based food systems (SFS) based on relationships of mutual trust, dependency and support between consumers and producers are an example. SFS are designed to insulate producers from market pressures and alleviate consumers' mistrust in market-based mechanisms. A network of SFS has formed in Germany under the name Solidarische Landwirtschaft (Solawi). Theories based on economic principles that help explain the way alternatives to market-based transactions in agriculture are organized are still lacking. The article suggests Transaction Cost Economics (TCE) as helpful to gain a better understanding of how these organizations form and function. The governance structures Solawis create are considered hybrid organizations according to TCE. Qualitative research methods are used to generate detailed accounts of the governance structures of four Solawis and the reasons behind the decisions of individual actors to participate. Effectiveness of TCE in evaluating these structures is analyzed. Based on the results, the concept of transaction benefits is suggested as a potential augmentation of TCE to improve its applicability to SFS. 
Public Money & Management New development: Public sector controllership-reinventing the financial specialist as a countervailing power. Different types of 'controllers' can be distinguished in the public sector. The authors' research indicates that public sector controllers acknowledge the distinctive characteristics of 'hybrid' controllers, but question some of the possible advantages of 'pure' controllers. This result could signal a decreasing share of pure controllers and thus a loss of financial expertise in the public sector. This article calls for the controller to be 're-invented' as a professional who combines solid financial expertise with an independent and critical attitude towards overly ambitious politicians and managers. The general public's support for public sector organizations could be enhanced if strong controllers counterbalance the sometimes too optimistic views of managers and politicians. 
Review of Western Research on Demand Recognition of Public Product. With the development of economy and society, the proportion of public goods consumption in the total consumption of social members is rising, and the demand of various members of public goods is becoming more and more urgent. However, due to the existence of "free-riding" and other behaviors, residents may not be able to fully express their true needs when expressing demand for public goods. This raises theoretically the question: what kind of scientific theory or method could be used to effectively identify demand for public goods by members of society? In response to this problem, Western scholars have done a lot of research and achieved fruitful research results. Researching and evaluating these theories and methods will help us understand the needs of public goods correctly, and provide reference and basis for public goods supply decision-making. 
Volatility Modelling of Global Financial Crises Effects on the Nigerian Banks. The most appropriate heteroskedastic models for predicting volatility of daily stocks prices of 10 major Nigerian banks are proposed. The banks are Access, United Bank for Africa (UBA), Guaranty Trust, Skye, Diamond, Fidelity, Sterling, Union, ETI and Zenith banks; and these are examined from 2004 to 2014. The models employed are Autoregressive Conditional Heteroscedastic (ARCH(1)), Generalized Autoregressive Conditional Heteroscedastic (GARCH(1, 1)), Exponential Generalized Autoregressive Conditional Heteroscedastic (EGARCH(1, 1)) and Glosten, Jagananthan and Runkle-Generalized Autoregressive Conditional Heteroscedastic (GJR-GARCH(1, 1)). The results show that all the bank returns are highly leptokurtic, significantly skewed and thus non-normal across the four periods except for Fidelity bank during financial crises; findings similar to those of other global markets. Also noticed is the strong evidence for the presence of heteroscedasticity, and that volatility persistence during crisis is higher than before the crisis across the 10 banks, with that of UBA taking the lead, about 11 times higher during the crisis. The same with persistence levels in volatility, which were relatively higher during financial crises across the ten banks compared to before the crises. Findings further indicate that Asymmetric GARCH models outperformed the symmetric GARCH models, especially during the financial crises and post the crises. Thus with these findings, one could generally conclude that Nigerian banks' returns are volatility persistent during and after the crises, and are characterized by leverage effects of negative and positive shocks during these periods. 
Global trade and invasion pressure in plant ecosystems Understanding trade pathways to target biosecurity surveillance Advancing research on alien species and biological invasions. Increasing trends in global trade make it extremely difficult to prevent the entry of all potential invasive species (IS). Establishing early detection strategies thus becomes an important part of the continuum used to reduce the introduction of invasive species. One part necessary to ensure the success of these strategies is the determination of priority survey areas based on invasion pressure. We used a pathway-centred conceptual model of pest invasion to address these questions: what role does global trade play in invasion pressure of plant ecosystems and how could an understanding of this role be used to enhance early detection strategies? We concluded that the relative level of invasion pressure for destination ecosystems can be influenced by the intensity of pathway usage (import volume and frequency), the number and type of pathways with a similar destination, and the number of different ecological regions that serve as the source for imports to the same destination. As these factors increase, pressure typically intensifies because of increasing a) propagule pressure, b) likelihood of transporting pests with higher intrinsic invasion potential, and c) likelihood of transporting pests into ecosystems with higher invasibility. We used maritime containerized imports of live plants into the contiguous U. S. as a case study to illustrate the practical implications of the model to determine hotspot areas of relative invasion pressure for agricultural and forest ecosystems (two ecosystems with high potential invasibility). Our results illustrated the importance of how a pathway-centred model could be used to highlight potential target areas for early detection strategies for IS. Many of the hotspots in agricultural and forest ecosystems were within major U. S. metropolitan areas. Invasion ecologists can utilize pathway-centred conceptual models to a) better understand the role of human-mediated pathways in pest establishment, b) enhance current methodologies for IS risk analysis, and c) develop strategies for IS early detection-rapid response programs. 
Trade Unions in Multi-Stakeholder Initiatives: What Shapes Their Participation?. There is a growing concern about the extent to which multi-stakeholder initiatives (MSIs), designed to improve social and environmental sustainability in global supply chains, give a meaningful voice to less powerful stakeholders. Trade unions are one particular civil society group whose participation in MSIs has received little scholarly attention so far. The objective of this report is to examine the determinants that enable and constrain trade union participation in MSIs. Based on interviews, focus groups, observations and document analysis we determine local trade union participation in three MSIs, operating at company, national and transnational level respectively, in the Costa Rican pineapple industry. To explain the limited encountered trade union participation, an analytical framework is developed combining structural and agency dimensions, namely the MSI design and trade union's power resources. The findings show shortcomings in the representativeness, procedural fairness and consensual orientation in the design and implementation of the MSIs. These are, however, not sufficient to explain weak trade union participation as trade union power resources also have an influence. Strong network embeddedness and improved infrastructural resources had a positive effect, whereas the lack of internal solidarity and unfavourable narrative resources constrained the unions' participation. 
The Value of Color Research in Brand Strategy. Is color more than a design? The following research discusses the science of color to consumer perception and the value of that color research to consumer-brand relationships. Specifically, it examines how color influences consumers' perception and how brands strategically utilize color to distinguish themselves amongst competitors, establish an identity, promote an image, and foster relationships with its consumers. To examine the significance of color to consumer perception and brand imagery, a nonrandom sample of men and women between the ages of 18 and 37 years old participated in a focus group that included color-centric photos and a survey. The results of the nonrandom sample also show that colors used in branding influence consumers' perception, are used to identify products, and carry meaning that's evolved into a relationship between the brand and the consumer. These findings were consistent with previous research that found through color, brands effectively establish an identity, communicate a mood, and form a relationship with consumers (Labrecque and Milne, 2011) [1]. The results of the survey also reveal that consumers don't rely solely on color when recognizing a branding and more can be done to examine how integral color is to manufacturing brand-consumer relationships. 
Analyzing China's Term Structure of Interest Rates Using VAR and Nelson-Siegel Model. China's bonds market has developed rapidly in recent years. A further study of interest rate term structure is essential. Nelson-Siegel model is widely used to fit interest rate term structure around the world. In this essay, we try to find out whether Nelson-Siegel model is efficiency in China, and which model is most efficient among some typical variants of Nelson-Siegel model. After brief theoretical introduction, we conduct empirical analysis, which contains two sections. In the first session, we focus on fitting Chinese interest rate term structure using Nelson-Siegel model, and fitting efficiency turns out to be pretty good. In the second section, we establish a VAR model with macroeconomic variables to predict parameters in Nelson-Siegel model, and use the combination of VAR and NS model to predict interest rate term structure in 2019 and 2020 respectively. Also, in terms of prediction efficiency, VAR (Macro)-NS model performs better than both VAR-NS model without macroeconomic variables and simple NS model. 
Financial Outlook of the United States Steel Industry and Its Role in the Economy Moving Forward. The US economy is an ever-evolving entity: with continuous spurs of technological innovation, massive corporations with prodigious influence, a government with the ability to sway the fate of entire industries, and a stock market that tracks these rapid transformations down to the minute. Despite this constant evolution, steel has remained a central fixture of the economic structure for the majority of US history. However, the recent development of advanced manufacturing and adoption of material counterparts has made the future status of steel uncertain. In my writing, I will determine the current state of steel, how its influence in the US economy will continue to evolve, and the financial ramifications of these changes. I examine the impacts of the current global trade war and the tariffs implemented by the US on the success of the domestic steel market. Furthermore, I discuss the rationale for investing in steel, and analyze individual companies within the steel industry's extensive supply chain. 
Environmental Management Systems and Financial Performance: The Case of Listed Companies in Mauritius. The objective of this report is to examine the relationship between environmental management practices adopted by listed firms on the Stock exchange of Mauritius and their impact, if any, on their financial performance. A content analysis of annual reports of the listed companies over the period 2011 to 2014 to determine the level of environmental management systems (EMS) is implemented by the local firms. For the purpose of this research, the environmental management practices were classified into 6 categories namely pollution control, waste reduction, recycling, cutting use of energy, cutting paper consumption and carbon footprint reduction based on extant literature. The study reveals that there is an insignificant relationship between environmental management practices and financial performance except for cutting use of energy which generated a significant relationship. The results are in line with studies by [1] who found that companies tend to be more environmentally conscious due to compliance rather than a voluntary basis or to reap corporate benefits. In addition, [2] states that since the reduction of waste water, air emission and other pollution cannot be detected and measured, it is difficult to assess the relationship between these two variables. 
Leaning against the Wind Policies on Vietnam's Economy with DSGE Model. The global financial crisis of 2007-2008 had a negative impact on many countries, including Vietnam. Many policies have been applied to stabilize the macro-economic indicators. However, most of them are based on old qualitative models, which do not help policy makers understand deeply how each one affects the economy. In this report, we investigate a quantitative macro-economic approach and use leaning against the wind policies with the Dynamic Stochastic General Equilibrium model (DSGE) to find a better way to understand how policies stabilize the Vietnamese economy. Based on the framework of Gerali et al. , we calibrate the hyper-parameter for Vietnam financial data and do the comparison between the standard Taylor rule and the cases in which we add asset price and credit elements. The results show that the credit-augmented Taylor rule is better than the asset-price-augmented one under the technology shock and contrary to the cost-push shock. Moreover, the extended simulation result shows that combining both asset-price and credit rules on the model is not useful for Vietnam's economy in both types of shock. 
Three Principles of the Establishment of National Park System and Their Implica-tions for China's Practice. The idea of National Park is widely accepted in the world, which has also become a scientific measure for sustainable development. Despite of the fact that the management mechanisms of national parks in different countries may differ, there are three principles which are shared by the international national parks and to be maintained, namely, people oriented, state dominance, and adjusting measures to local conditions. People oriented is the most fundamental principle as well as the primary purpose of the construction of national park, while state dominance and adjusting measures to local conditions are two guarantees of the fulfillment of social welfare. In order to construct the Chinese national park system, China should learn from international experiences and adopt the three principles. During this transitional and learning period, China is confronted with several problems, such as "tragedy of commons", multi-sectoral management, insufficient fund etc. To deal with these issues, the current Chinese national-level parks should be carefully chosen as pilot projects, and then a unified legal system and management system should be gradually set up during this trail period. Eventually, an integrated and comprehensive Chinese National Park system should be established. 
Molecules Bioassay-Guided Isolation of Triterpenoids as a-Glucosidase Inhibitors from Cirsium setosum. Cirsium setosum (C. setosum) has a potential antihyperglycemic effect, but it is unclear what bioactive components play a key role. According to the a-glucosidase inhibition activity, three new taraxastane-type triterpenoids of 3b-hydroxy-30-hydroperoxy-20-taraxastene (1), 3b-hydroxy-22amethoxy-20-taraxastene (2), and 30-nor-3b,22a-dihydroxy-20-taraxastene (3), as well as five known taraxastane triterpenoids of 3b,22-dihydroxy-20-taraxastene (4), 20-taraxastene-3,22-dione (5), 3b-acetoxy-20-taraxasten-22-one (6), 3b-hydroxy-20-taraxasten-22-one (7), and 30-nor-3b-hydroxy-20-taraxastene (8) were obtained from the petroleum ether-soluble portion of the ethanol extract from C. setosum. All chemical structures of the compounds were elucidated by spectroscopic data analysis and compared with literature data. Compounds 4-8 were identified for the first time from this plant, and compounds 1, 2, 4, and 7 exhibited more potent a-glucosidase inhibitory activity-with IC 50 values of 18. 34 +- 1. 27, 26. 98 +- 0. 89, 17. 49 +- 1. 42, and 22. 67 +- 0. 25 uM, respectively-than acarbose did (positive control, IC 50 42. 52 +- 0. 32 uM). 
Incorporating asset price stability in the European Central Bank's inflation targeting framework. We propose a new flexible inflation targeting index, the economic stability index (ESI), that could enable the European Central Bank (ECB) to implement more effective monetary policy for the euro area (EA). This index incorporates separately weighed house prices and stock prices. Furthermore, by weighting the housing sector in both normal and bubble events, it enhances the forecasting ability and accuracy of this new index. We demonstrate the resilience of this index using a range of robustness checks with multiple empirical methods. Our index that is equipped with these forward-looking variables enhances the ability to sense potential economic risks, whilst improving price stability and minimizing the output gap variance. This broader index may assist the ECB in addressing the challenges of the long-term decline of neutral interest rates in many EA economies and the weakening of the inflation/unemployment relationship under the Philips curve. The complexity of the ECB relationship with different fiscal authorities prevents any changes without significant structural variance. The ECB, however, can use a stabilization tool with enhanced foreseeability such as this ESI to improve stability without making significant structural changes. 
A Review of Inventory Investment: The Macro and Micro Perspective. This article combed the domestic and foreign researches on inventory investment since 1990. We find that researches mainly focus on the macro level of the relationship between inventory investment and business cycle, the effects of inflation or interest rates on inventory adjustment. While in the micro enterprise level, they study the determiners of inventory investment, including financing constraints, size and location. Besides, the role of inventory investment behavior on corporate performance has not yet reached a consensus. Based on the analysis of the existing literatures, we put forward the possible directions for future research in the field of inventory investment, combining with China's specific conditions. 
Study and Enlightenment of the In-Situ Urbanization of Rural Areas in China in the Background of New Pattern Urbanization-Taking Zhanqi Village, Pi County for Instance. The in-situ urbanization of rural areas is a kind of model promoting urbanization appeared in the special national condition of China. It is an inevitable choice for promoting development of small towns. The development pattern of in-situ urbanization is different from the traditional one. The change of county economy and industrial structure and the transform of production mode and lifestyle both reflect these differences. Based on such recognition, combining the background of current new pattern urbanization and the stage background of the New Rural Construction, this article takes Zhanqi Village, Pi County, Chengdu City-one model village of overall urban and rural development and new rural construction-for instance, and analyzes the prerequisite which is necessary for promoting in-situ urbanization of countryside, so that we can get revelation and reflection from this article. 
Enzymatic Synthesis of o-Hydroxydodecanoic Acid By Employing a Cytochrome P450 from Limnobacter sp. 105 MED. o-Hydroxylated fatty acids are valuable and versatile building blocks for the production of various adhesives, lubricants, cosmetic intermediates, etc. The biosynthesis of o-hydroxydodecanoic acid from vegetable oils is one of the important green pathways for their chemical-based synthesis. 
The Harmonization of Professional Teaching and Professional-Competency Training in Financial Management. With the expansion in enrollment scale of financial management and the increase in the pressure of job-hunting, more and more schools start to analyze the problem regarding how to cultivate excellent financial management talents who meet the social demand, and how to build their own features and brands (Zhang Junrui & Liu Donglin, 2005). In this report, according to Chinese certified public accountants competence guide and starting from the professional competency model, we analyzed how to attain harmony between knowledge imparting and students' vocational ability training in the professional education in financial management, and discussed the necessity of the coordination in the professional education in financial management and students' vocational ability training. Finally, we discovered four pathways to harmonize financial management professional teaching and professional competency training: 1) establishment of dynamic course modules based on demand orientation; 2) reform of teaching methods; 3) bringing practical experts into the classroom; 4) establishment of a multi-dimensional students learning quality evaluation. 
Will Grandparents' Co-Residence Inhibit Grandchildren's Educational Performance?. This report explores the impact of grandparents' and children's co-residence on children's educational performance by using data from the 2014 Chinese Family Tracking Survey. Taking 10 -15 years old children as the research object, this report conducts an empirical study through an educational output value-added model, and uses Propensity Score Matching (PSM) method to solve the endogenous problem. The overall regression result shows that co-residence between grandparents and children significantly reduced children's educational performance. On the one hand, due to the co-residence of grandparents, children's parents need to bear a heavier burden of family care and the time invested by parents for children's education decreased significantly; on the other hand, the co-residence of grandparents has reduced the family's per capita income, and the family has significantly reduced education expenditures for children in the lower grades. 
New Electronic Business Reforming-Study on New Voice Based Biometric Security System. Along with the rapid development of informatization, people habitually rely on electronic devices. For the convenience and efficiency provided by various devices, people could dispose almost everything by their phones and PC. In this respect, the security of the electronic devices that people use in daily life becomes much more important. In this area, exerts has tried many ways to keep data and uses safe from attacks. This report has designed a Voice Based Biometric Security System, which is able to reinforce the security level of the target device. With its help, the electronic devices will be more security. 
THE IMPACT OF THE ELIGIBILITY THRESHOLD OF A FRENCH MEANS-TESTED HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAMME ON DOCTOR VISITS: A REGRESSION DISCONTINUITY ANALYSIS. This report assesses the impact of eligibility for a free means-tested complementary health insurance plan, called Couverture Maladie Universelle Complementaire (CMUC), on doctor visits. We use information on the selection rule to qualify for the plan to identify the effect of eligibility and adopt a regression discontinuity approach. Our sample consists of low-income individuals enrolled in the Health Insurance Fund and recipients of social benefits from the Family Allowance Fund of an urban area in Northern France. Our findings do not show significant impacts of the CMUC threshold on the number of doctor visits within the full sample. Among the subsample of adults under 30 years old, however, eligible individuals are more likely to see a specialist and have, on average, significantly more specialist visits than non-eligible individuals. This specific impact of the CMUC cut-off point among young adults may be explained by the fact that young adults are less likely to be covered by a complementary health insurance plan when they are not recipients of the CMUC plan. 
Empirical Study on the Relationship between Financial Development and Urban and Rural Residents' Income Gap in Guangdong Province. To explore the mutual relationship between financial development and the income gap in urban and rural residents, this report uses the Guangdong province's time series data since the reform and opening up for nearly 40 years, establishes the index of financial development degree and the urban and rural residents income gap, to financial development scale and development efficiency of financial development degree, with difference index to represent the urban and rural residents income gap between the rich and the poor. After the use of theoretical analysis based on the interaction mechanism between them, this essay makes an empirical analysis combined with vector auto-regressive model. The results show that the residents' income gap between urban and rural areas of Guangdong province will be expanded with the expansion of financial development, and will be narrowed with the improvement of the efficiency of financial development. Therefore, in order to realize the resource configuration optimization, promoting fair income distribution, we should optimize the financing channels, deepen the financial system and income distribution system, and realize the financial development and narrow the gap between urban and rural residents income to reach win-win situation. 
Bank Competition in India: Some New Evidence Using Risk-Adjusted Lerner Index Approach. Banks in India have been gone through structural changes in the last three decades. The prices that bank charge depend on the competitive levels in the banking sector and the risk the assets and liabilities carry in banks' balance sheet. The traditional Lerner Index indicates competitive levels. However, this measure does not account for the risk, and this analysis introduces a risk-adjusted Lerner Index for evaluating competition in Indian banking for the period 1996 to 2016. The market power estimated through the adjusted Lerner Index has been declining since 1996, which indicates an improvement in competitive condition for the overall period. Further, as indicated by risk-adjusted Lerner Index, the Indian banking system exerts much less market power and hence are more competitive contrary to what is suggested by traditional Lerner index. 
University-Industry Business Incubators in Taiwan. According to World Economic Forum data, if an area's average income per capita is over 9000 US dollars, then knowledge and technological innovation will be the most important forces driving its economic growth. In Taiwan 98% of the companies are small and medium enterprises (SMEs), and they play a fundamental role in the sustainable development of Taiwan's economy, but due to limited funding, very few of them have established research and development (R&D) departments. Over 70% of the R & D resources in Taiwan are held by universities, which have become hubs for new knowledge and technologies. Through university-industry collaboration, original and breakthrough ideas, inventions, and innovations are systematically channeled from universities into industrial applications and used to develop an entrepreneurial economy. This method has been proven effective in many developing countries. This report examines how the government policy helps university incubators enhance R & D ability and subsequently promote production efficiency and product quality. 
The Monetary Value of Disability-Adjusted-Life-Years Lost in the East African Community in 2015. The East African Community (EAC) member states (Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania and Uganda) incur annually a huge loss of disability-adjusted life years (DALY) from communicable and non-communicable diseases and injuries annually. This analysis estimated the monetary value of DALYs lost in the EAC in 2015 without and with UN the health Sustainable Development Goal 3. The monetary value of DALYs lost in the EAC was estimated by multiplying the estimated DALYs associated with different diseases by GDP per capita net of health expenditures. The 82,017,651 DALYs lost in EAC in 2015 had a monetary value of Int$ 203,843,476,166. About 58. 2% resulted from Communicable, maternal, perinatal and nutritional conditions; 30. 3% from non-communicable diseases (NCDs); and 11. 5% from injuries. Burundi incurred 2. 8% of the total monetary value of DALYs, Kenya 33. 9%, Rwanda 4. 2%, Tanzania 39. 5%, and Uganda 19. 6%. The EAC could save approximately 31% of the total monetary value of DALYs lost if SDG 3 targets are fully achieved. Therefore, EAC member states should invest adequately into strengthening of national health systems and other systems that address social determinants to ensure healthy lives and promotion of well-being for all people at all ages. 
Quality as Determinant Factor of Customer Satisfaction: Case Study of Zain-Kuwait *. The potential of mobile communications market in Kuwait is enormous. Therefore, I test customer satisfaction in the Kuwaiti mobile market by examining the quality construct. In our study, quality is measured through the dimensions: interaction quality, environment quality, and outcome quality. Our results show that outcome quality is the most influential construct over satisfaction. Also, the results find that interaction quality is not significant and carries no important association with customer satisfaction. 
Development of Embedded Personal Health Care Record System. Various systems, methods and techniques are in use by patients and medical centers to provide the necessary information and to serve medical profession including hospital information systems. One of the most important services is Personal Health care Record (PHR) portability and management. This problem has become out of history of paper records kept separately by physicians, clinics, hospitals, pharmacies, insurance companies and patients themselves. Many approaches were implemented to improve and manage the PHR including portability solution. These approaches were based on implementing portable memory device such as flash memory and Smart Cards. In this work an embedded PHR system was developed. The developed system allows operating and managing PHR by the help of standalone system. 
CEO age and gender: Subsequent market performance. The issue of CEO age and gender vs. concurrent performance is extensively examined, but the association with subsequent performance has limited treatment in the financial literature, and with conflicting findings. In the current study, we examine the association between CEO age and gender, and subsequent company market performance using a more recent set of observations and the standard four-factor model to estimate future cumulative abnormal shareholder returns. We find that subsequent abnormal shareholder returns are marginally significantly higher for female CEOs than for their male counterparts, but no material pattern is observed between CEO age and subsequent abnormal shareholder return performance. 
The benefits of investing into improved carbon flux monitoring. Operationalizing a Global Carbon Observing and Analysis System (www. geocarbon. net) would provide a sound basis for monitoring actual carbon fluxes and thus getting quantities right when pricing carbon -be it in a cap-and-trade scheme or under a tax regime. However, such monitoring systems are expensive and-especially in times of economic weakness-budgets for science and environmental policy are under particular scrutiny. In this analysis, we attempt to demonstrate the magnitude of benefits of improved information about actual carbon fluxes. Such information enables betterinformed policy-making and thus paves the way for a more secure investment environment when decarbonizing the energy sector. The numerical results provide a robust indication of a positive social value of improving carbon monitoring systems when compared to their cost, especially for the more ambitious climate policies. 
A Social Analysis of the Olive Oil Sector: The Role of Family Business. Extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO) is one of the most popular products in Mediterranean diet. Spain produces about 52% of olive oil with the presence of larger firms; Italy follows with a share of 9% and a production structure characterized instead by small family businesses. A social analysis, based on a multiple-questionnaire, has analyzed the perspectives of 500 consumers conferring their olives to a family-owned olive oil mills (OOMs). This work aims to assess the role of family business evaluating the opportunities associated with the development of circular economy (CE) models. Results show that Italian consumers' preferences give attention to the use of natural resource and the olive oil is perceived as a natural product. In addition, family owned-OOMs provide a great sense of trust and the relevant role of family within the entire life cycle of olive oil is demonstrated. OOMs that work for residential market are strongly preferred to industrial ones being able to manage single lots of olives belonging to the same customers' land. The recovery of some by-products represents an opportunity for OOMs and policy support is required to favor the needed generational change, whose absence is perceived as a serious obstacle to the future development of the sector along circularity principles. 
Recent transition of medical cost and relapse rate of multiple sclerosis in Japan based on analysis of a health insurance claims database CURRENT STATUS: ACCEPTED SUBJECT AREAS 2 Internal Medicine Specialties. Background In this analysis, we aimed to understand the trends in total and itemized medical expenses, especially of disease-modifying therapy (DMT), for multiple sclerosis (MS) in Japan through an analysis of health insurance claims data. Methods We analyzed a database containing health insurance claims data from hospitals that have adopted the Diagnosis Procedure Combination/Per-Diem Payment System in Japan. According to an algorithm based on diagnosis codes, data for all patients diagnosed with MS from April 2008 to July 2016 were extracted. Medical costs, rate of each medical treatment, and rate of relapses were analyzed by calendar-year. Medical costs in the month of relapse were compared with average medical costs per month of all MS patients by a cross-sectional analysis. Results 4,374 MS patients were identified in the database. Total medical cost per patient per month (PPPM) increased from \87,640 (US$787. 7 or EUR723. 0 as of May 2017) to \102,846 (US$924. 4 or EUR848. 4) during the study period. This increment was mainly attributed to the growth in cost of outpatient DMT prescriptions, which increased from \23,039 (US$207. 1 or EUR190. 1) to \51,351 (US$461. 5 or EUR423. 6). In contrast, the rate of hospitalizations and relapses PPPM decreased during the study period (from 0. 053 to 0. 030, and 0. 032 to 0. 019, respectively). Medical costs in the month of relapse (\424,661, US$3816. 8 or EUR3503. 1) were 3. 57 times higher than the average monthly costs for all MS patients (\119,021, US$1069. 8 or EUR981. 8), with the majority comprising hospitalization cost. 
Financial analysis of enrichment. . . FINANCIAL ANALYSIS OF ENRICHMENT MODEL USING TIMBER AND NON-TIMBER PRODUCTS OF SECONDARY REMNANTS IN THE ATLANTIC FOREST 1 ANALISE FINANCEIRA DO MODELO DE ENRIQUECIMENTO UTILIZANDO PRODUTOS MADEIREIROS E NAO-MADEIREIROS EM REMANESCENTES SECUNDARIOS DA MATA ATLANTICA. Socio-economic aspects can limit the expansion of ecological restoration. One alternative to address this question is the development of restoration models that generate income to farmers in addition to the benefits from conservation itself. We designed and implemented the initiative "Sustenta A Mata," a project developed by The Nature Conservancy and supported by the Brazilian Development Bank (BNDES), to generate economic and social benefits for the communities involved. This analysis aims to analyze the financial viability of the enrichment restoration initiative in forest remnants based on a 30 year projection. The project was implemented on 17 hectares of land that included timber and non-timber species with a focus on the Jucara Palm (Euterpe edulis Mart. ) for the production of fruit. Estimated earnings come from both the production of timber and jucara fruits. We considered input, equipment and labor costs for implementation, maintenance, and harvesting. For the economic analysis we used the following criteria: Net Present Value (NPV); Return on Investment (ROI); Benefit/Cost Ratio (B/C), and Payback. From these indicators the following values were obtained as results: US$4,040. 80 of NPV, 13 percent of ROI, 1. 59 of B/C and a 13-year Payback. These positive results for the aforementioned indicators reveal that the use of the enrichment restoration initiatives utilized in this project may contribute to the economic viability of the endeavor, contributing to a greater sustainability in rural areas. 
Tourist Viewshed Externalities and Wind Energy Production. This analysis uses an experiment where ferry passengers are sold hotel room "views" to evaluate the impact of wind turbines views on tourists' vacation experience. Participants purchase a chance for a weekend hotel stay. Information about the hotel rooms was limited to the quality of the hotel and its distance from a large wind turbine, as well as whether or not a particular room would have a view of the turbine. While there was generally a negative effect of turbine views, this did not hold across all participants, and did not seem to be effected by distance or hotel quality. 
TEREZA RASZKOVA STANISLAVA HOFERKOVA FINANCIAL PROBLEMS AS ONE OF THE POSSIBLE REASONS OF SOCIAL EXCLUSION OF PERSONS RELEASED FROM INCARCERATION 35 FINANCIAL PROBLEMS AS ONE OF THE POSSIBLE REASONS OF SOCIAL EXCLUSION OF PERSONS RELEASED FROM INCARCERATION. The paper deals with financial issues associated with imprisonment which may be one of the causes of social exclusion of persons released from prison. The authors of the contribution briefly characterize the prison system in the Czech Republic. They describe the negative effects associated with imprisonment which may lead to social problems and social exclusion. They address the potential financial problems associated with imprisonment more specifically, not only describing the reasons why imprisonment is costly for the individuals and their families but also pointing out the fact that imprisonment without probation is a financial burden for the state. They highlight the benefits of alternative punishments not connected with imprisonment of individuals and the necessity to focus on the issue of employing the persons released from prison. 
Knowledge Transfer in Sustainable Contexts: A Comparative Analysis of Periods of Financial Recession and Expansion. Examining the knowledge transfer process in sustainable contexts, we identified various gaps, which we analyzed in this analysis. First, we compare the temporal context of firms with eco-innovation strategies before and after the financial crisis of the first decade of the 21st century. Second, we analyze the firms' knowledge transfer, from the use of knowledge sources to innovation through intellectual property. Third, we consider the influence of firm age on firms with eco-innovation goals and the influence of size on intellectual property. We used data from a sample of 3004 firms prepared by the Spanish National Statistics Institute for two different time periods: 2009 and 2014. Our results suggest that firms that achieve sustainable innovations do not show large differences in behavior in the two economic periods. We found that knowledge in firms with eco-innovation goals is transferred through intellectual property. The results show that firm age and size influence these processes during the years analyzed and thus have various implications for theory and for small firms, which are generally family firms. Small and family firms should strengthen their registration of intellectual property so that their knowledge transfer process ends in innovations for both the firm and the market. Sustainability 2020, 12, 4916 18 of 22. 
Parsing the Effects of Wind and Solar Generation on the German Electricity Trade Surplus. Germany has experienced rapid growth in its renewable electricity generation capacity in the past fifteen years. This development has been accompanied by a drop in wholesale electricity prices and significant net export surpluses. This situation has given rise to discussions in policy circles concerning the drivers behind these dynamics. The paper at hand empirically analyzes historical cross-border commercial flows (CBCF) of electricity from Germany by applying a Ridge Regression model to parse the effects of the growing shares of renewable energy capacity on the commercial electricity exchange between 2012 and 2016. In case of PV, the fraction of PV generation (marginal effect of PV on export) that is exported correlates positively with the level of PV generation. However, the marginal effect of wind on export is negatively correlated with the level of wind generation. A possible explanation for this finding as it relates to wind feed-in could involve the high degree to which the grid is constrained at times of high wind penetration. 
REAL EXCHANGE RATE AND TERMS OF TRADE: SOME EMPIRICAL EVIDENCE IN MALAYSIA, SINGAPORE, AND THAILAND. This analysis examined the relationship between real exchange rate and terms of trade in Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand in two cases, namely a three-variable case and a four-variable case. The results of cointegration tests showed that there is long-run relationships among real exchange rate, terms of trade, and relative demand for Malaysia. Moreover, there is long-run relationship among real exchange rate, terms of trade, relative demand, and relative real interest rate for Malaysia and Thailand. The results of Granger causality showed that real exchange rate does not Granger cause terms of trade, however the result is mixed for Thailand. The contribution of terms of trade and relative demand to real exchange rate is mixed and small. Generally, the contribution of terms of trade to real exchange rate is greater than the contribution of relative demand in Singapore. For Thailand, relative demand is more important than terms of trade in the determination of real exchange rate. For Malaysia, the results are mixed. 
GLOBAL FINANCIAL CRISIS: LESSONS LEARNED. A fi nancial crisis appears to occur in a certain patt ern; it usually starts with a rally of bank credits against a backdrop of easier monetary policy, ample liquidity, and more relaxed banking regulations. Such fi nancial environment stimulates excess leverage to fund assets in real estates and housing in which consumers take advantage of cheap money and borrow heavily, while bankers zealously lend out in order to achieve high loan growth targets. As with all levered instruments, this practice generates great profi ts when the asset value rises. In contrast, it produces great losses when the assets fall in value, forcing lenders to ration credits and to compete aggressively for funds to cover the resultant losses. Retrospectively, the Global Financial Crisis exhibits far reaching implications from the excessive leverage, deregulation and from the spiral eff ects of globalisation, fi nancial speculation, product innovation, moral hazards, and incentives problems. This report refl ects how similar or diff erent the Global Financial Crisis is from the past crises in terms of its causes and manifestations, how Malaysia was impacted, and what key lessons could be learned from it. 
Pharmaceutical Biology Anti-hepatofibrosis effect of Allium senescens in activated hepatic stellate cells and thioacetamide- induced fibrosis rat model Anti-hepatofibrosis effect of Allium senescens in activated hepatic stellate cells and thioacetamide-induced fibrosis rat model. Song (2018) Anti-hepatofibrosis effect of Alliumsenescens in activated hepatic stellate cells and thioacetamide-induced fibrosis rat model, Pharmaceutical Biology, 56:1, 632-642, ABSTRACT Context: Allium senescens Linn. (Liliaceae) (ASL) has been traditionally used in Korea and other Asian countries for improving digestive and liver functions. Objective: The anti-hepatofibrosis effect of ASL ethanol extract in cellular and experimental fibrosis rat model was investigated. Materials and methods: In vitro cell viability, cell cycle and apoptosis in hepatic stellate cells (HSCs). 
Using a Feminist Interpretation of the Bible's Book of Ruth to Address Taiwanese Female Pastors' Financial Autonomy and Self-Esteem. This analysis used Ruth's story in the Bible and reinterpreted it with feminist theological perspectives to address the related issues of Taiwanese female pastors' economic independence and autonomy. This analysis explored the phenomenological and contextual world of 27 female pastors' mental wellness and specifically how they deal with the hardship of financial inequality when living in a culturally patriarchal society and serving within the male dominant church system. Four themes were generated to report these female pastors' shared experiences through qualitative method. Counseling applications were provided and discussed in this article. Psychology women been unequally paid; a gender pay gap also is an issue in Taiwan. A recent poll showed that more female than male workers in Taiwan feel they have suffered discrimination in the workplace because of their gender. Taiwanese women on average earned 17. 6% less than men. The women had to work an extra 65 days over a year's time to receive the same pay (CNA, Taipei Times, 2012). 
Digital Deceit: Fake News, Artificial Intelligence, and Censorship in Educational Research. Never has it been more urgent for educators to be aware of the perils of research in education using digital searches in today's world of disinformation, misinformation, artificial intelligence and censorship. As a result, we are more reliant on strong researchers than ever before. In the discipline of Education, students are often asked to research issues pertaining to curricula, pedagogy, educational information and theories. Pupils are using Internet and digital library searches to gain knowledge within public and private K-12 schools and within higher education. In this article, an Educational Librarian and an Education Professor outline their approach to educating all Faculty of Education students about using digital platforms in relation to unmasking fake news, artificial intelligence (AI) usage, and increasing Internet censorship. Using case study research, we examined 34 Bachelor of Education students in training at the high school level who created environmental digital art projects. Information/media literacy was taught in order to provide students with the necessary tools to identify credible, diverse, well-informed, strong, and robust research. In addition, they needed to be able to discern when artificial intelligence was utilized. Outlined are students' projects. Our findings include "top ten" practical suggestions for educators at all levels when teaching students about effective researching in our current digital era. 
DO REITS OUTPERFORM STOCKS AND FIXED-INCOME ASSETS? NEW EVIDENCE FROM MEAN-VARIANCE AND STOCHASTIC DOMINANCE APPROACHES Journal of Risk and Financial Management 2 DO REITS OUTPERFORM STOCKS AND FIXED-INCOME ASSETS? NEW EVIDENCE FROM MEAN-VARIANCE AND STOCHASTIC DOMINANCE APPROACHES. This report re-examines the performance of REITs, stocks, and fixed-income assets based on the preferences of risk-averse and risk-seeking investors using mean-variance and stochastic dominance approaches. Our findings indicate no first-order stochastic dominance and no arbitrage opportunity among these assets. However, our stochastic dominance results reveal that in order to maximize their expected utility, the risk-averse prefer fixed-income assets over real estate, which, in turn, is preferable to stocks. On the other hand, to maximize their expected utility, all risk-seeking investors would prefer to invest in stocks than in real estate, but real estate, in turn, is preferable to fixed-income assets. 
The Potential of Adaptive Mentorship<sup>&copy;</sup>: Experts' Perspectives. In recent years, global interest in the processes of mentorship and coaching has expanded across all disciplinary fields. Educational institutions, commercial enterprises, and other organizations have integrated mentorship processes into their educational programs to help prepare/train proteges for entry into a specific professions or occupations and/or to upgrade their related skills/knowledge. Over the past quarter century, in partial response to the popularity of mentoring, the authors have developed a mentoring model called Adaptive Mentorship<sup>&copy;</sup> (AM). Research conducted by the authors and others has affirmed AM's value in improving mentoring practice in a variety of disciplines. In the present article, the authors summarize assessments of the model that they solicited during the past five years from 49 multi-disciplinary groups or panels of experts. The experts' positive statements regarding AM outweighed their cautionary comments by a ratio of 2:1. The strengths that they identified were that AM conceptualized the entire mentorship process in an understandable manner, and that it helped reveal potential interpersonal conflicts as well as practical solutions for them. The caveats identified by the experts were that personnel employing the AM model must apply it sensibly, sensitively, and flexibly--especially in cross-cultural contexts. 
Risk and Financial Management Stochastic Optimization System for Bank Reverse Stress Testing +. The recent evolution of prudential regulation establishes a new requirement for banks and supervisors to perform reverse stress test exercises in their risk assessment processes, aimed at detecting default or near-default scenarios. We propose a reverse stress test methodology based on a stochastic simulation optimization system. This methodology enables users to derive the critical combination of risk factors that, by triggering a preset key capital indicator threshold, causes the bank's default, thus detecting the set of assumptions that defines the reverse stress test scenario. This article presents a theoretical presentation of the approach, providing a general description of the stochastic framework and, for illustrative purposes, an example of the application of the proposed methodology to the Italian banking sector, in order to illustrate the possible advantages of the approach in a simplified framework, which highlights the basic functioning of the model. In the paper, we also show how to take into account some relevant risk factor interactions and second round effects such as liquidity-solvency interlinkage and modeling of Pillar 2 risks including interest rate risk, sovereign risk, and reputational risk. The reverse stress test technique presented is a practical and manageable risk assessment approach, suitable for both micro-and macro-prudential analysis. 
In SciRes (www. SciRP. org/journal/jssm) Holonic Production System to Obtain Flexibility for Customer Satisfaction. The Holonic Production System (HPS) can be a valid choice to overcome the problems of traditional production systems' architectures, thanks to its capability to adapt and react to changes in the business environment whilst being able to maintain systemic synergies and coordination. The HPS is made of holons seen as functional production units which are simultaneously autonomous and cooperative. Although the holonic approach could represent a valid solution in order to pursue the necessary levels of agility of production systems, they have been scarcely implemented in practice and even less studied from a business studies perspective. The purpose of this discussion paper is to show the benefits of further research on cases of implementation of HPS from a business organization studies perspective. Very little research on this topic has been done outside the field of business engineering and computer science; the study of this topic from a different perspective can shed the light on new aspects and new applications of the theory. 
Rethinking the Government Role of Promoting Employment Policies for Persons with Disabilities: A Case Study of Anhui Province in China. Under the backdrop of a slowing global economy and downward pressure on the domestic economy, the Chinese government in 2012 put forward a goal of completing the building of a moderately prosperous society in all aspects, achieving common prosperity for everyone, and promoting social equity and justice. However, a truly prosperous society cannot be completed without taking into consideration people with disabilities. One focus should be on doing everything possible to promote employment opportunities and improve income for the persons with disabilities. Consequently, the Chinese government is interested in finding solutions and developing measures to address the issues of employment for them. This case study utilizes literature research, interviews, and statistical analysis methods to review government policies for people with disabilities in Anhui Province. The government support policies for persons of disabilities are about three main employment forms, human resources development and financial direct support. The article expounds the improper roles of the government such as imperfect implementation of policies, weak interventions by social organizations, limited welfare enterprises, inadequate community and family function development. It also suggests that the government strengthen policies, foster NGOs, and play the role of family and community to improve employment for persons with disabilities. 
Risk and Financial Management Contribution to the Valuation of BRVM's Assets: A Conditional CAPM Approach. The conditional capital asset pricing model (CAPM) theory postulates that the systematic risk (b) of an asset or portfolio varies over time. Several dynamics are thus given to systematic risk in the literature. This article looks for the dynamic that seems to best explain the returns of the assets of the Regional Stock Exchange of West Africa (BRVM) by comparing two dynamics: one by the Kalman filter (assuming that the b follow a random walk) and the other by the Markov switching (MS) model (assuming that b varies according to regimes) for four portfolios of the BRVM. Having found a link between the beta of the market portfolio and the size criterion (measured by capitalization), the two previous models were re-estimated with the addition of the SMB (Small Minus Big) variable. The results show according to the RMSE criterion that the estimation by the Kalman filter fits better than MS, which suggests that investors cannot anticipate systematic risk because of its high volatility. 
Work Line Balancing and Production Efficiency of Manufacturing Firms in Rivers State, Nigeria. Manufacturing firms are faced with the sequencing of tasks in workstations as the capabilities of manufacturing firms is to harness resources through the effective sequencing of task assignments in workstations. Thus, this analysis empirically examined work line balancing and production efficiency of manufacturing firms in Rivers State, Nigeria. Content on improving production efficiency by reducing non-value-added activities, cycle time and distribution of workload at each work station by work line balancing process, was also addressed. The dimensions of work line balancing were standardized work and one-piece flow; while production efficiency was measured using product output, product quality, and lead time reduction. The Pearson's Product Moment Correlation Coefficient (PPMCC) was used to test the significance of the relationship between dimensions of work line balancing and production efficiency. The findings showed that standard work procedures in work stations' task assignments provide better work line balance and show a positive significant relationship with product output and lead time reduction. Also, one-piece flow was revealed to have a more significant and positive relationship with product quality than product output and lead time reduction. Therefore, it was concluded that implementing appropriate work line balancing in the workstations should be an ongoing activity in the production process and setting capacity utilization baselines is key to improving production efficiency. 
Improving Deep Learning for Forecasting Accuracy in Financial Data. Financial forecasting is based on the use of past and present financial information to make the best prediction of the future financial situation, to avoid high-risk situations, and to increase benefits. Such forecasts are of interest to anyone who wants to know the state of possible finances in the future, including investors and decision-makers. However, the complex nature of financial data makes it difficult to get accurate forecasts. Artificial intelligence, which has been shown to be suitable for analyzing very complex problems, can be applied to financial forecasting. Financial data is both nonlinear and nonstationary, with broadband frequency features. In other words, there is a large range of fluctuation, meaning that predictions made only using long short-term memory (LSTM) are not enough to ensure accuracy. is study uses an LSTM model for analysis of financial data, followed by a comparison of the analytical results with the actual data to see which has a larger root-mean-square-error (RMSE). e proposed method combines deep learning with empirical mode decomposition (EMD) to understand and predict financial trends from financial data. e financial data for this analysis are from the Taiwan corporate social responsibility (CSR) index. First, the EMD method is used to transform the CSR index data into a limited number of intrinsic mode functions (IMF). e bandwidth of these IMFs becomes narrower, with regular cyclic, periodic, or seasonal components in the time domain. In other words, the range of fluctuation is small. LSTM is a good way to forecast cyclic or seasonal data. e forecast result is obtained by adding all the IMFs together. It has been verified in past studies that only the LSTM and LSTM combined with the EMD can be used. e analytical results show that smaller RMSEs can be obtained using the LSTM combined with EMD compared to real data. 
Satisfaction of Health Care Users with the Quality of Health Care Services in Senegal: A Multi-Level Approach. This report analyzes the satisfaction of health care users with the quality of health care in the different types of health facilities in Senegal. The data used come from a survey of the Senegalese health system. In this framework, the multi-level approach with three levels of aggregation was used: patients (level 1), health facilities (level 2) and 14 administrative regions (level 3). The estimation results indicate a diversity, on the one hand, between regions, and on the other hand between health facilities. In addition, the individual characteristics of the patients have diverse effects across the levels of aggregation: the significance of most of them differs with respect to the context (e. g. , gender, education level, age, smoking status and ownership of health insurance). While the waiting time and the applied rate effects differ slightly in terms of significance, the former influences negatively the satisfaction when waiting time is less than the duration of an appointment of the following day, whereas the level of satisfaction increases with the rate applied on health care. 
Relationships, Human Behaviour and Financial Transactions. It is widely known that relationships and human behaviours such as trust, reciprocity and altruism that are observed in the human societies are capable of facilitating financial transactions. This report proposes a theoretical model to argue that though these elements can facilitate financial transactions, they may not always ensure efficiency in the sense of creation of additional wealth. As financial resources are scarce, the paper argues that the financial transactions induced by relationships, trust, reciprocity and altruism may lead to inefficient allocations of resources. 
Research on the Influencing Factors and Mechanism to Innova-tion Performance of Team Psychological Empowerment. Team psychological empowerment refers to the collective cognition which team members emerge from the state that how their teams have been empowered. More empowered teams tend to perform better than the less empowered teams, especially on the innovation behavior and creative outcome. This report presents the connotation and measurement methods of team psychological empowerment, and then summarizes and discusses the influencing factors and mechanism to innovation performance of organizations. Finally, a brief outlook for the future research has been conducted. 
Forecast Competency Migration by a Methodology of Competency Analytics. Competency migration is an evolution from one competence profile to another. A basic task in forecasting competency migration is comparing competency data. It is both methodological and technological challenge to make competency data comparable syntactically and semantically, since they vary in purpose, origin, assumption and format. The paper describes a knowledgebased data processing approach to competency forecasting. It combines knowledge and data engineering methodologies and takes advantage of knowledge technologies, with the aim at objective, comprehensive, consistent, traceable and scalable analysis. The competency data are collected from Gas, Power, Waste and Water industries and analyzed for skill foresights into 2030 in a research programme at Energy & Utility Skills Group, UK. 
Transparent Film-Type Vibrotactile Actuator Array and Its Haptic Rendering Using Beat Phenomenon. The most important thing in a thin and soft haptic module with an electroactive polymer actuator array is to increase its vibrotactile amplitude and to create a variety of vibrotactile sensations. In this report, we introduce a thin film-type electroactive polymer actuator array capable of stimulating two types of human mechanoreceptors simultaneously, and we present a haptic rendering method that maximizes the actuators' vibrational force without improving the array's haptic performance. The increase in vibrational amplitude of the soft electroactive polymer actuator array is achieved by creating a beat vibration, which is an interference pattern of two vibrations with slightly different frequencies. The textures of a target object are translated into haptic stimuli using the proposed method. We conducted qualitative and quantitative experiments to evaluate the performance of the proposed rendering method. The results showed that this method not only amplifies the vibration's amplitude but also haptically simulates various objects' surfaces. 
Optimal Educational Investment: Domestic Equity and International Competition. We construct a family of models to analyse the effect on optimal educational investment of (i) society's preferences for equity and (ii) competition between countries. The models provide insights about the impact of a variety of parameters on optimal policy. In particular, we identify a form of "overeducation" that is new to the literature and provide a counterexample to a common finding in the literature on fiscal federalism. 
Proposal for an Implementation Methodology of Key Risk Indicators System: Case of Investment Management Process in Moroccan Asset Management Company. Operational risk is a prominent preoccupation of all managers these days. Indeed, the development of collective awareness has led executives to implement a wide variety of solutions in order to keep this risk and its consequences under control. In this context, we propose a practical implementation methodology of key risk indicators system with the aim to identify operational risks and above all to propose preventive and corrective measures capable of monitoring and managing operational risks. The proposed system will be adjusted to Investment Management process in a Moroccan Asset Management Company. 
A Three-Stage method for Data Text Mining: Using UGC in Business Intelligence Analysis. The global development of the Internet, which has enabled the analysis of large amounts of data and the services linked to their use, has led companies to modify their business strategies in search of new ways to increase marketing productivity and profitability. Many strategies are based on business intelligence (BI) and marketing intelligence (MI) that make it possible to extract profitable knowledge and insights from large amounts of data generated by company customers in digital environments. In this context, the present study proposes a three-step research methodology based on data text mining (DTM). In further research, this methodology can be used for business intelligence analysis (BIA) strategies to analyze user generated content (UGC) in social networks and on digital platforms. The proposed methodology unfolds in the following three stages. First, a Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) model that determines the database topic is used. Second, a sentiment analysis (SA) is proposed. This SA is applied to the LDA results to divide the topics identified in the sample into three sentiments. Thirdly, textual analysis (TA) with data text mining techniques is applied on the topics in each sentiment. The proposed methodology offers important advances in data text mining in terms of accuracy, reliability and insight generation for both researchers and practitioners seeking to improve the BIA processes in business and other sectors. 
Research on Evaluation Indicator System for Distribution Channel of Tourism Destination. With competition of tourism destination becoming fiercer, improving distribution channel is an important way to improve competitiveness of tourism destination. The Paper, by using Delphi, AHP and Yaahp, constructs evaluation indicator system on distribution channel of tourism destination, and takes Shenzhen OCT tourist resort as case study to make comparative analysis on indicator importance and actual performance score of OCT tourist resort. The research finds that internal controllable factors of distribution channel play the most important role in its evaluation, of which economic performance and product factor are far from expectation of tourism enterprise managers, and the Paper will provide advice for improving distribution channel of tourism destination from three aspects, including economic performance of distribution channel, product factor and external uncontrollable factors. 
Simulated Minimum Hellinger Distance Estimation for Some Continuous Financial and Actuarial Models. Minimum Hellinger distance (MHD) estimation is extended to a simulated version with the model density function replaced by a density estimate based on a random sample drawn from the model distribution. The method does not require a closed-form expression for the density function and appears to be suitable for models lacking a closed-form expression for the density, models for which likelihood methods might be difficult to implement. Even though only consistency is shown in this report and the asymptotic distribution remains an open question, our simulation study suggests that the methods have the potential to generate simulated minimum Hellinger distance (SMHD) estimators with high efficiencies. The method can be used as an alternative to methods based on moments, methods based on empirical characteristic functions, or the use of an expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm. 
Research on the Mechanism of Power Supply Interruption Risk for Important User Based on Interpretative Structural Model. In order to effectively manage the safety risk for power supply to important power user, and increase power supply safety and reliability, interpretative structural model is used to explore the generation mechanism of power supply & utility system safety risk and the risk element transfer path. Based on analysis of risk element, interpretative structural model of power supply risk generation mechanism is constructed. This model analyzes the hierarchical relationship between each risk element and transmission path, and then reveals the power safety risk generation mechanism, identifies the key risk element to be supervised by power supply companies & users, and helps the power supply and utility company to improve the power safety management. 
Pricing Callable Bonds Based on Monte Carlo Simulation Techniques. In this report, a Monte Carlo method, which is based on some new simulation techniques proposed recently, is presented to numerically price the callable bond with several call dates and notice under the Cox-Ingersoll-Ross (CIR) interest rate model. The corresponding algorithms are also presented to practical callable bond pricing. The numerical experiments show that this method works very well for callable bond under the CIR interest rate model. 
On-Label or Off-Label? Overcoming Regulatory and Financial Barriers to Bring Repurposed Medicines to Cancer Patients. Repurposing of medicines has gained a lot of interest from the research community in recent years as it could offer safe, timely, and affordable new treatment options for cancer patients with high unmet needs. Increasingly, questions arise on how new uses will be translated into clinical practice, especially in case of marketed medicinal products that are out of basic patent or regulatory protection. The aim of this analysis was to portray the regulatory framework relevant for making repurposed medicines available to cancer patients in Europe and propose specific policy recommendations to address the current regulatory and financial barriers. We outlined two routes relevant to the clinical adoption of a repurposed medicine. First, a new indication can be approved, and thus brought on-label, via the marketing authorization procedures established in European and national legislation. Such procedures initiate a detailed and independent assessment of the quality and the benefit-risk balance of a medicinal product in a specific indication, benefiting both prescribers and patients as it reassures them that the scientific evidence is robust. However, the process of marketing authorization for new therapeutic indications entails a high administrative burden and significant costs while the return-on-investment for the pharmaceutical industry is expected to be low or absent for medicines that are out of basic patent and regulatory protection. Moreover, most of the repurposing research is conducted by independent or academic researchers who do not have the expertise or resources to get involved in regulatory procedures. A second option is to prescribe a medicine off-label for the new indication, which is managed at the national level in Europe. While off-label use could provide timely access to treatments for patients with urgent medical needs, it also entails important safety, liability and financial risks for patients, physicians, and society at large. In view of that, we recommend finding solutions to facilitate bringing new uses on-label, for example by developing a collaborative framework between not-for-profit and academic organizations, pharmaceutical industry, health technology assessment bodies, payers, and regulators. 
Editorial Investigating and Modulating Physiological and Pathological Brain Oscillations: The Role of Oscillatory Activity in Neural Plasticity. There is accumulating evidence that oscillatory activity plays a significant role in regulating brain function. Rhythmic phenomena are routinely observed during perception, motor, and cognitive tasks and have been implicated in altered functions across a broad range of diseases [1]. Several studies suggest that the alpha rhythm gates information flow, beta inhibits changes in motor activity and is responsible for the maintenance of the current sensorimotor or cognitive state, and gamma reflects intracortical local synchronization [1][2][3]. However, so far, understanding of the contribution of these rhythms to human behaviour and the manifestation of symptoms in disease states is limited. Moreover, the relationship between brain oscillations and neural plasticity is not clear, although recent evidence supports a link. For instance, it has been demonstrated that resonant rhythms in sensorimotor areas modulate motor learning and enhanced high-gamma activity in the primary motor cortex influences LTP/LTD-like plastic mechanisms [1,2,4]. As such we find ourselves in an era where we are rapidly garnering the tools to not only observe brain activity but also alter neural processes in a circumscribed manner. Such causal interactions allow deeper understanding of the role of neural oscillations in everyday life and of how changes in rhythmic activity can lead to altered functions in disease states. Noninvasive electrophysiological techniques such as high-density EEG and magnetoencephalography (MEG), invasive recordings of local field potentials, and advanced neuroimaging techniques able to infer brain oscillatory activity are now increasingly combined with different forms of brain stimulation [5,6]. Sensory rhythmic stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), and transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS), used alone or in combination, allow targeting and causally interacting with rhythmic brain activity [2][3][4]7]. Also, EEG activity can be used to guide TMS in a closed-loop configuration so as to induce and/or interfere with specific brain states [8]. These novel approaches provide new opportunities for drawing strong parallels between oscillatory activity and brain functions, including processes of cortical plasticity. 
A Novel Assay for Profiling GBM Cancer Model Heterogeneity and Drug Screening. Accurate patient-derived models of cancer are needed for profiling the disease and for testing therapeutics. These models must not only be accurate, but also suitable for high-throughput screening and analysis. Here we compare two derivative cancer models, microtumors and spheroids, to the gold standard model of patient-derived orthotopic xenografts (PDX) in glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). To compare these models, we constructed a custom NanoString panel of 350 genes relevant to GBM biology. This custom assay includes 16 GBM-specific gene signatures including a novel GBM subtyping signature. We profiled 11 GBM-PDX with matched orthotopic cells, derived microtumors, and derived spheroids using the custom NanoString assay. In parallel, these derivative models underwent drug sensitivity screening. We found that expression of certain genes were dependent on the cancer model while others were model-independent. These model-independent genes can be used in profiling tumor-specific biology and in gauging therapeutic response. It remains to be seen whether or not cancer model-specific genes may be directly or indirectly, through changes to tumor microenvironment, manipulated to improve the concordance of in vitro derivative models with in vivo models yielding better prediction of therapeutic response. 
Europe and the World: A law review Extraterritoriality of EU law and human rights after Lisbon: The case of trade and public procurement Peer review. The paper introduces the theme and topics of this Special Issue on the extraterritoriality of EU law and human rights in the fields of trade and public procurement since the entry into force of the 2009 Treaty of Lisbon. It briefly explores the meaning of extraterritoriality in international (human rights) law and the EU legal order highlighting the complexity of such notion in both legal systems. In so doing, it provides the context and focus of analysis of the collection of papers that make up this Special Issue, which addresses a number of topical questions concerning the extraterritorial conduct of the EU, as well as the extraterritorial effects of EU law in those specific fields, from the perspective of human rights. 
An Investigation of an Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System to Predict the Relationship among Energy Intensity, Globalization, and Financial Development in Major ASEAN Economies. The enhancement of the financial sector significantly drives a nation's economy and thereby increase energy intensity. Considering this situation, the current study aims to examine the link between globalization and financial advancements with the energy intensity of the top 5 ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) economies. The development structure of the ASEAN region is considered significant for having stable growth. The authors used the annual data from 1990 to 2018 for five of the largest ASEAN economies: Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, and the Philippines. The present study used novel methodology, the Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS), to examine the nonlinear behaviour among globalization, financial development, and energy intensity in the top 5 ASEAN countries. The study results using ANFIS confirm that globalization and financial development are positively correlated and have a significant impact on the energy intensity level in the top ASEAN countries. The results further suggest that globalization and financial development increase the level of energy intensity more in the countries that are developed relative to their peers in the top ASEAN countries. Moreover, the outcomes of ANFIS also suggest that those countries, which are more globalized and financially developed, have more potential to increase the level of energy intensity. Therefore, the government needs to focus more on projects that involve renewable energy and are environmentally friendly. 
Asymptotic Behavior of Ruin Probabilities in an Insurance Risk Model with Quasi-Asymptotically Independent or Bivariate Regularly Varying-Tailed Main Claim and By-Claim. This report considers a by-claim risk model under the asymptotical independence or asymptotical dependence structure between each main claim and its by-claim. In the presence of heavy-tailed main claims and by-claims, we derive some asymptotic behavior for ruin probabilities. 
Endogenous Choice of Managerial Incentives in a Mixed Duopoly with a Foreign Private Firm. This report studies the endogenous choice of managerial incentives in a mixed duopoly where a public firm competes with a foreign private firm. The foreign firm is partly owned by domestic investors and the firm's owners have the option to hire a manager. We focus on a new incentive scheme of public firm's managers that is a linear combination of social welfare and sales revenue. In equilibrium we find that when the weight attached to the foreign firm's profits in social welfare is high enough, only the public firm hires a manager. This is in contrast with the classical sales delegation contract used in existing literature. 
Effect of Environmental Taxes as Correcting Negative Externalities Caused by Water Pollution Applied to the Agro-Food Industry. Market failure involving pollution from wastewater discharges industrials, is corrected with the establishment of environmental taxes. Heterogeneity in the design of these taxes, with a different tax base for each EU member country, affects both the pollution parameters considered and their weight in the calculation of the tax payable. This report presents a study on the variety of this tax in Belgium, Italy and Spain. Finally, we discuss the possibility of the same as correcting market failure. 
Public-Private Partnership as a Financial Instrument for the Transport Infrastructure Modernizing. In the modern economy, there are problems associated with investing in infrastructure development. Its facilities are public goods. Therefore, private business is not interested in their creation and development. And the state does not have sufficient resources to solve the problems of infrastructure development. Therefore, the mechanism of interaction between the state and business on the basis of public-private partnership (PPP) has spread in this sphere. The analysis shows that the forms of PPP depend on the country (region) and industry. Therefore, increasing the effectiveness of PPP, as the authors have shown, should be based on the specificity of projects. The article analyzes the experience and perspectives of PPP development in the Russian transport industry. The authors concluded that the interaction of power and private capital is the most effective mechanism in modern conditions for the creation and development of transport infrastructure in Russia. At the same time, the article focuses on the financial component of PPP in transport. 
LeChatelier Principle and the Effects of Trade Policy under Induced Innovation. This report explores the effects of trade policy under induced innovation in general equilibrium. The analysis considers the effects of discrete changes in tariffs and import quotas, allowing for heterogeneous technologies among firms. The interactions between induced innovation and the effects of trade policy give a set of "LeChatelier effects" comparing short run versus long run market equilibrium. We investigate how induced innovation can reduce the adverse effects of tariffs on trade, and influence the effects of quotas on corresponding quota rents. The analysis presents new LeChatelier results that apply globally, i. e. under any discrete change in trade policy. 
The role of competitive intelligence and its sub- types on achieving market performance ABOUT THE AUTHOR. During recent volatile and competitive environment, competitive intelligence (CI) has emerged and grown into a discipline to help organizations adapt to environmental change. Although existing literature provides a proper insight about the drivers of CI activities, its organization, usage and dissemination within firms, researches on the outcomes of CI activities as to whether these practices collectively have any relationship with performance are rare. Furthermore, there is no investigation on the influence of each subtype of CI on performance that could provide beneficial insight for managers to select their emphasis domains in CI activities and consequently achieving effectiveness and efficiency in marketing efforts. Especially, it could be more crucial in today's tough economic situation in which companies are gripped by widespread costcutting and layoffs programs. Thus, this report analyzes the effect of CI and its subtypes on market performance. The results illustrate that CI positively affects market performance. Among subtypes of CI, competitor intelligence, market intelligence and technological intelligence leave the greatest impact, respectively. 
Corporate Governance in Family Businesses: The Role of the Non-Executive and Independent Directors. The paper investigates the challenges faced by Non-Executive and Independent Directors in ensuring that good corporate governance practices are adhered to in non-listed Ghanaian family business at all times using non-listed family business in the Ashanti Region of Ghana. The findings revealed that the presence of non-executive and independent directors had no significant effect on the performance of non-listed family businesses in Ghana since they were dormant in most of the roles expected to be discharged by them and active in only few responsibilities or roles. It is also discovered that the boards of non-listed family businesses meet only when there is a problem to solve and not regularly. The owner-manager-chief executive office-board chairman, makes all decisions and ensures its implementation. The results draw the attention of policy makers to the position of non-executive and independent directors in family businesses given the enormous positive contribution they play to the economic development of the nations and their contributions to the society in general. 
Uncertainty-Weighted Time Averaging of Mercury Vapour Concentrations in Ambient Air: Application to Measurements in the United Kingdom. Uncertainty-weighted time averaging of total gaseous mercury concentrations in ambient air, with associated robust uncertainties, has been performed for concentrations measured by the U. K. Heavy Metals Monitoring Network between 2007 and 2009. The results have been compared with averages produced using standard time-averaging methods with a view to investigating the properties of the new method and whether it represents an improvement over current practice. 
Analyzing the Gaver-Lewis Pareto Process under an Extremal Perspective. Pareto processes are suitable to model stationary heavy-tailed data. Here, we consider the auto-regressive Gaver-Lewis Pareto Process and address a study of the tail behavior. We characterize its local and long-range dependence. We will see that consecutive observations are asymptotically tail independent, a feature that is often misevaluated by the most common extremal models and with strong relevance to the tail inference. This also reveals clustering at "penultimate" levels. Linear correlation may not exist in a heavy-tailed context and an alternative diagnostic tool will be presented. The derived properties relate to the auto-regressive parameter of the process and will provide estimators. A comparison of the proposals is conducted through simulation and an application to a real dataset illustrates the procedure. 
Journal of Risk and Financial Management Interconnected Risk Contributions: A Heavy-Tail Approach to Analyze U. S. Financial Sectors. This report investigates the dynamic evolution of tail risk interdependence among U. S. banks, financial services and insurance sectors. Life and non-life insurers have been considered separately to account for their different characteristics. The tail risk interdependence measurement framework relies on the multivariate Student-t Markov switching (MS) model and the multiple-conditional value-at-risk (CoVaR) (conditional expected shortfall (CoES)) risk measures introduced in Bernardi et al. (2013), accounting for both the stylized facts of financial data and the contemporaneous multiple joint distress events. The Shapley value methodology is then applied to compose the puzzle of individual risk attributions, providing a synthetic measure of tail interdependence. Our empirical investigation finds that banks appear to contribute more to the tail risk evolution of all of the remaining sectors, followed by the financial services and the insurance sectors, showing that the insurance sector significantly contributes as well to the overall risk. We also find that the role of each sector in contributing to other sectors' distress evolves over time according to the current predominant financial condition, implying different interdependence strength. 
Risk and Financial Management The Effects of the Financing Facilitation Act after the Global Financial Crisis: Has the Easing of Repayment Conditions Revived Underperforming Firms?. After the global financial crisis, the Japanese government enacted the Financing Facilitation Act in 2009 to help small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) that had fallen into unprofitable conditions. Under this law, when troubled debtors asked financial institutions to ease repayment conditions (e. g. , extend repayment periods or bring down interest rates), the institution would have the obligation to meet such needs as best as possible. Afterward, the changing of loan conditions began to be utilized often in Japan as a means for supporting underperforming companies. Although many countries employed various countermeasures against the global financial crisis, the Financing Facilitation Act was unique to Japan. However, there is criticism that it did not become an opportunity for companies to substantially reform their businesses, and that there was a moral hazard on the company's side. This report analyses whether the easing of repayment conditions revived underperforming firms and who were likely to recover, by using the "Financial Field Study After the End of the Financing Facilitation Act", carried out by the Research Institute of Economy, Trade and Industry (RIETI) in Oct 2014. We found that the act was successful in that about 60% of companies whose loan conditions were changed recovered their performance after the loan condition changed, and the attitude that financial institutions had towards support was an important factor in whether performance recovered or not. In sum, the act might be effectual when financial institutions properly support firms, although previous studies tend to emphasize its problems. 
Development, Analysis, and Control of Series Elastic Actuator-Driven Robot Leg. The mass-spring system-like behavior is a powerful analysis tool to simplify human running/locomotion and is also known as the Spring Loaded Inverted Pendulum (SLIP) model. Beyond being just an analysis tool, the SLIP model is utilized as a template for implementing human-like locomotion by using the articulated robot. Since the dynamics of the articulated robot exhibits complicated behavior when projected into the operational space of the SLIP template, various considerations are required, from the robot's mechanical design to its control and analysis. Hence, the required technologies are the realization of pure mass-spring behavior during the interaction with the ground and the robust position control capability in the operational space of the robot. This report develops a robot leg driven by the Series Elastic Actuator (SEA), which is a suitable actuator system for interacting with the environment, such as the ground. A robust hybrid control method is developed for the SEA-driven robot leg to achieve the required technologies. Furthermore, the developed robot leg has biarticular coordination, which is a human-inspired design that can effectively transmit the actuator torque to the operational space. This report also employs Rotating Workspace (RW), which specializes in the control of the biarticulated robots. Various experiments are conducted to verify the performance of the developed robot leg with the control methodology. 
The Multiscale Conformation Evolution of the Financial Time Series. Fluctuations of the nonlinear time series are driven by the traverses of multiscale conformations from one state to another. Aiming to characterize the evolution of multiscale conformations with changes in time and frequency domains, we present an algorithm that combines the wavelet transform and the complex network. Based on defining the multiscale conformation using a set of fluctuation states from different frequency components at each time point rather than the single observable value, we construct the conformational evolution complex network. To illustrate, using data of Shanghai's composition index with daily frequency from 1991 to 2014 as an example, we find that a few major conformations are the main contributors of evolution progress, the whole conformational evolution network has a clustering effect, and there is a turning point when the size of the chain of multiscale conformations is 14. This work presents a refined perspective into underlying fluctuation features of financial markets. 
Overall Thinking of China's Eighth Institutional Reform under the Perspective of System Theory. The reform of Chinese government institutions is a comprehensive system reform. System theory provides a theoretical perspective for the overall reform of the system engineering of Chinese government institutional reform, and provides an analytical framework for scientific understanding of the new era of socialism reform. In 2018, compared with the first seven institutional reforms, the reform of Chinese government institutions has shifted from unilateral one-way reform to comprehensive and systematic reform. The systematic nature of the eighth institutional reform is embodied in the purpose of institutional reform, the integrity of the reform of the party and government, the hierarchical nature of the main body and functions, and the environmental adaptability of emergency management and normal management. On this basis, System Theory provides ideas for thinking about how to continue to promote the future of institutional reform in China, namely, the direction of differential synergy, overall optimization, and self-organization. Therefore, the use of system theory to promote and analyze the reform of Chinese government institutions not only helps to understand the scientific nature of the new round of institutional reforms in 2018, but also helps to understand the development of government reforms in the future. 
Background. Cost sharing between beneficiaries and government is critical to attain universal health coverage. The government of Ethiopia introduced social health insurance to improve access to quality health services. Hence, HCP are the ultimate frontline service provider; their WTP for health insurance could influence the implementation of the scheme directly or indirectly. However, there is limited evidence on willingness to pay (WTP) for social health insurance (SHI) among health professionals. Methods. A cross-sectional study was conducted in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, from May 1st to August 15th, 2019. A total sample of 480 health care providers was selected using a multistage sampling method. The collected data were entered into Epi Info version 7. 1 and analyzed with SPSS version 23. Binary and multiple logistic regression analysis was carried out to identify the associated factor outcome variable. The association was presented in odds ratio with 95% confidence interval and significance determined at a P value less than 0. 05. Result. A total of 460 health care providers responded to the questionnaire, making a 95. 8% response rate. Of the respondents, only 132 (28. 7%) were WTP for SHI. Higher educational status [AOR = 2:9, 95% CI (1. 2-7. 3)], higher monthly income [AOR = 2:2, 95% CI (1. 2-4. 3)], recent family illness [AOR = 2:4, 95% CI (1. 4-4. 4)], and a good awareness about SHI [AOR = 4:4, 95% CI (2. 4-7. 8)] showed significant association with WTP for SHI. The main reasons for not WTP were thinking the government should cover the cost, preferring out-pocket payment and the provided SHI scheme does not cover all the health care costs health care providers lost interest in pay for SHI. Conclusion and Recommendation. The majority of health care providers were not willing to pay for the introduced SHI scheme. The provided SHI scheme should be clear and provide special consideration for health care providers as the majority of them receives free health care service from their employer health care institution. Also, the government, health professional associations, and other concerned stakeholders should provide awareness creation programs by targeting low and middle-level health professionals in order to increase WTP for SHI among health care providers. 
On the Present Situation and Suggestions of Institutional Education in Universities. University institutions are among the resources of civic education; institutional education is to develop all-round people with good rules and regulations; university institutions haven't achieved their educational effects in the civic education; this research explores the effect of the institution in university, and the reasons for the poor effect of institution education; we have to strengthen the institutional construction of universities to achieve the goal of civic education through the following routes: One is to re-examine the virtue of university institution and to examine whether the university institution conforms to the rule of law; the other one is to ensure strict implementation of university institution. Only in this way, can university institutional education enhance the civic consciousness of college students. 
Note on Fully Modified Estimation for Three-Regime Threshold Cointegration Model. In this report we consider a three-regime threshold cointegration model. The fully modified ordinary least squares (FM-OLS) regression of Phillips and Hansen [1] is used to develop new methods for estimating cointegrating coefficients. After we remove the second-order biases of parameter estimates from the three-regime threshold cointegration model, FM-OLS estimates have a limit distribution that is mixed normal for all the nonstationary coefficients. 
Review of Managerial Overconfidence and Corporate Acquisition Goodwill Impairment Research Keywords. In recent years, the large amount of goodwill impairment caused by high-priced mergers and acquisitions has also aroused widespread discussion. Why do companies purchase at a high premium? What effect does a high premium have on the impairment of goodwill? With the development of behavioral finance, this article uses the perspective of overconfidence in this theory, and answers the above two questions by reviewing the domestic and foreign literature. We find that the overconfidence in management tends to form the overpayment in corporate acquisitions, and the overpayment is more likely to lead to the goodwill impairment. At last, this article also proposes future research directions and I hope it can provide theoretical references for future related research. 
Regimes, management and economics of energy complexes on the basis of renewable energy sources for autonomous power supply. The article describes the principles of creation, management and economics of power complexes based on renewable energy sources for decentralized power supply. The introduction of energy complexes based on renewable energy sources can compete with the centralized power supply of the regions by increasing energy security and reducing the risks of major accidents and disasters. Long-term contracts for the electricity supply can be a reliable and economical insurance in case of rising fuel prices in the long term. 
Uncovering Executive Prioritization: Evaluating Customer Value Propositions with the Pairwise Comparison Method. Creating customer value is a managerial priority. The role of executives is to choose what type(s) of customer value to propose to customers in the form of a customer value proposition (CVP). The decision is a complex one, because executives have to compare and weigh concrete, measurable elements alongside abstract, subjective ones. The purpose of this report is to identify themes relating to the use of the pairwise comparison method (PCM) as a tool for prioritizing customer value dimensions from the perspective of retail executives. As a result, this report first highlights examples of PCM outputs, and second, identifies four themes that capture executive views of the PCM. 
Creative Education. In this analysis, e-learning based on authentic situations was used as a pedagogic method to stimulate medical students to reflect over their own learning styles and to prepare them for dealing with medical insurance issues in their future profession. The aim was to explore the learning styles used by the students in a Social medicine course when e-learning, based on authentic situations was used as a pedagogical approach. A learning style questionnaire by Kember, Biggs and Leung, and a course evaluation questionnaire designed by the authors were used. Seventy-seven students answered the questionnaires and the questionnaires were analysed by Mann-Whitney U-test, and Fisher's test was used as a pair comparison. One hundred forty comments made by the students were analysed using content analysis. The results showed that: 69% of the students regarded e-learning as a very good/good pedagogical method to study medical insurance. Men had a significantly higher rate of surface learning than women. A majority of the students thought that it was positive to take part of peer students' assignments but they highlighted the risk of plagiarism and cheating. The students made use of the flexibility in this type of learning which suited their lifestyle. 
A Projection Clustering Technique Based on Projection. Projection clustering is an important cluster problem. Although there are extensive studies with proposed algorithms and applications, one of the basic computing architectures is that they are all at the level of data objects. The purpose of this report is to propose a new clustering technique based on grid architecture. Our new technique integrates minimum spanning tree and grid clustering together. By this integration of projection clustering with grid technique, the complexity of computing is lowered to. O (NlogN). 
An Explanation of the Levels of Compliance in Filing Company Annual Returns Based on the Theory of Planned Behavior: A Case for Zambia. Company registers are increasingly becoming a crucial source of business information for many stakeholders. While most company registers have concentrated on simplifying business registrations, reducing the number of procedures, time and cost for small entities to be formed, compliance remains a big challenge for many company registers. Compliance is not just influenced by economic variables of enforcement and penalties but influenced by demographic, socio-economic and institutional factors. The aim of this analysis was to identify and explain the factors influencing compliance behaviour in filing company annual returns based on the Theory of Planned Behaviour. The study used a mixed research approach. A sample of 165 registered companies was randomly selected from the population of 68,049 active companies on the PACRA register. 9 PACRA officers were selected using judgment sampling and in-depth interviews were used. Primary data were collected through structured questionnaires. The secondary data were also collected by reviewing related published materials. Statistical tests of independence (chi-square tests) formed the basis of analysis. The results showed that annual return filings are influenced both by demographic and external factors. The demographic factors like employment status, age and education were found to positively influence compliance. Further, compliance was highest (68%) among those with tertiary education compared with (47%) those with no form of schooling. The study also revealed that those in formal employment were more compliant (64%) than those without employment (47%). Gender was found to be an insignificant factor and it has no influence on compliance. On external factors, cultural norms, government policies and compliance fees were identified in the study and were found to have an influence on compliance (save for compliance fees). Finally, the findings of the study may. 
Can Corporate Innovation Restrain the Stock Price Crash Risk?. Preventing the crash of stock prices and guaranteeing the steady of the capital market have become a significant issue when the strong supervision of financial risk becomes a consensus. Taking the A-share listed companies as research sample, this report takes the enterprise innovation behavior into analysis framework of the stock price crash risk, and the study found that corporate innovation can curb the crash risk of stock price effectively, especially in the firm facing with strong financing constraints and the information transparency is equivocal. The research in this report provides a new idea for the market value management of listed companies, and it also helps to control financial risks, maintain capital market stability; more importantly, it enriches the existing literature. 
Regional Urbanization and Knowledge-Intensive Business Activities (KIBS): An Example of Small and Medium-Sized Cities in the Greater Stuttgart Region (Germany). The objective of this report is to understand the role of small and medium-sized cities as economic locations, and as potential anchor locations, in grounding processes of regional urbanization in the knowledge economy. Based on quantitative occupational data, the deconcentration processes of knowledge-intensive business activities are analyzed for the Greater Stuttgart Region in southern Germany. The way in which the different knowledge bases used in knowledge-intensive business activities influence spatial patterns of economic activity in the surrounding area of the core city, including small and medium-sized towns, is discussed. The knowledge bases differentiated in this report are analytical, synthetic and symbolic knowledge. 
Servitization of Machine-Tool Trading Company to Value Orchestra-tion Platform: Visualization of Japanese Integral-Modular Strategies. It is controversial whether or not Japanese manufacturing is already in decline and the Japanese model of manufacturing that drove past decades of the industrial and economic growth has lost the power. It is though true that Japan needs to develop a new and innovative business model for manufacturing in the years ahead. The present paper aims at (1) arguing that Japanese manufacturing requires transformation from integral-technology-based to modular-technology-based as well as their co-existence and (2) visualizing strategies for supporting them in practical terms. We in particular claim that in the transformation Machine-Tool Trading (MTT) companies should play a crucial role in getting servitizatized and functioning as project producers. We discuss roles and functions to be expected from servitized MTT companies by using the value orchestration platform model with quality control 7 tools as a reference. We also illustrate a roadmap for an MTT company to be servitized based on some real observations as well as the authors' experiences. 
The Impacts of Household Financial Stress, Resilience, Social Support, and Other Adversities on the Psychological Distress of Western Sydney Parents. This analysis investigated the prevalence of psychological distress among parents in Western Sydney households and examined its relationship with household financial, family and life stressors, and potential resilience factors. As part of a longer-term study, parents from Western Sydney, New South Wales (NSW), completed computer-assisted telephone interviews (CATI) in May 2011 ( = 439). Respondents were primary caregivers of at least one child (aged 4-16). Responses were weighted to reflect the Western Sydney population. Multivariate analyses were conducted to examine the relationship between parent experiences of stressor and resilience factors and reported psychological distress. Overall, 10. 7% (95% CI: 7. 8, 14. 5) reported experiencing high/very high levels of psychological distress. Multivariate analysis indicated that financial hardship factors formed the strongest associations with psychological distress particularly housing and job security factors and, specifically, inability to meet mortgage/rent payments (OR = 5. 15, 95% CI: 1. 74-15. 25, = 0. 003), poor self-rated health (OR = 4. 48, 95% CI: 1. 88-10. 64, = 0. 001), adult job loss (OR = 3. 77, 95% CI: 1. 33-10. 66, = 0. 013), and other family/life events (OR = 2. 30, 95% CI: 1. 05-5. 03, = 0. 037). High personal resilience was common within this parent population and was a significant protective factor for high psychological distress (OR = 0. 14, 95% CI: 0. 06-0. 34, < 0. 001). The findings support the development of targeted interventions to promote parent coping strategies in the context of household financial hardship. 
Stakeholder Salience and Firm's Accountability on Sustaina-ble Supply Chain Management Practices: A Case of MaxTech. Organizations are faced with stiff pressure from various stakeholders, a fact that has triggered management to think beyond the idea of shareholder wealth maximization. In order to achieve this, environmental and social concerns have been considered as pertinent issues in attaining sustainability. The present study aims to investigate how stakeholder salience, based on stakeholder power, legitimacy and urgency impacts on Sustainable Supply Chain Management (SSCM) practices. The study adopts a case study design, focusing on MaxTech, one of Africa's most innovative cellular firms. The study solicited data from management and selected stakeholders, including community, telecoms regulator, corporate customers, and the suppliers to represent different salience levels. The study used semi structured interview protocol to solicit data. This analysis was analyzed by use of content analysis. The study revealed that the more the number of attributes a stakeholder has, the more attention she is accorded and hence she has more influence on Max-Tech's SSCM practices. Managers need to understand how to prioritize their stakeholders in order to effectively manage their expectations while sustaining the firm's bottom line. 
Globalization of Science and Technology through Research and Development. Globalization of science and technology is an integral aspect of globalization per se. The main engine of globalization is assumed to be the global economy propelled by global trade and technology transfers, the latter as aspects of globalization of science and technology. International trade and technology transfers are the engines that drive global economy. Much has been written on these drivers but relatively little on what drives globalization of science and technology which constitutes the backbone of international technology transfers. I attempt to fill this knowledge gap by suggesting that the drivers behind globalization of science and technology are the emerging global centers of collaborative research and development (R&D) as constituents of the global invisible college(s). "Science" throughout this article means both science and technology as the two closely related aspects of the same knowledge system. 
Measuring Risk When Expected Losses Are Unbounded. This report proposes a new method to introduce coherent risk measures for risks with infinite expectation, such as those characterized by some Pareto distributions. Extensions of the conditional value at risk, the weighted conditional value at risk and other examples are given. Actuarial applications are analyzed, such as extensions of the expected value premium principle when expected losses are unbounded. 
Shades of FDI Capital, Business Group Affiliation and Excess Value Creation. This research work is focused on effect of business group affiliation on firm with different shades of FDI capital such as technology, capital and competitiveness defined on the basis of FDI policy tools designed by Indian policy makers. The analysis reveals negative effect of business group affiliation on excess value created by firm using competitiveness shaded FDI capital. This empirical evidence supports that tunneling effect of business group affiliation is highly significant in a firm with competitiveness shaded FDI capital. Once, profitability, asset utilization and growth opportunity is controlled, the tunneling effect of business group affiliation becomes highly significant in firm irrespective of the shades of FDI capital. This is in support of study reported by Bertrand et al. (2002) claiming that tunneling effect is part of non-operating profit. There is strong evidence that FDI investors' fund is expropriated by domestic business group when host economy has sufficient capital and technology and foreign investor is intending to create excess value on account of their higher efficiency. 
The Influence of Guangdong Province Basic Education on Residents' Consumption Structure. In order to know the influence of basic education on residents' consumption structure, this report uses grey correlation method to analyze the relationship between based education spending and consumer spending in Guangdong. The author discovered the based education spending is not only the important index of basic education services equalization degree, but also associated with the urban and rural residents' consumption structure. Balancing urban and rural basic education spending can improve the structure of urban and rural residents' consumption. 
Comparative Study of Air Resistance with and without a Superstructure on a Container Ship Using Numerical Simulation. This analysis investigated the resistance performance of ships, using the air resistance correction method. In general, air resistance is calculated using an empirical formula rather than a direct calculation, as the effect of air resistance on the total resistance of ships is relatively smaller than that of water. However, for ships with large superstructures, such as container ships, LNG (liquefied natural gas) carriers, and car-ferries, the wind-induced effects might influence the air resistance acting on the superstructure, as well as cause attitude (trim and sinkage) changes of the ship. Therefore, this analysis performed numerical simulations to compare the total resistance, trim, and sinkage of an 8000 TEU-class container, ship with and without superstructures. The numerical simulation conditions were verified by comparing them with the study results of the KCS (KRISO Container Ship) hull form. In addition, the differences in the above values between the two cases were compared using the coefficients calculated by the empirical formula to identify the effects on the air resistance coefficient. 
Developing Deprivation Index for Leeds Using Housing Conditions and Demographic Profiling. Poverty has been significant to the community of the United Kingdom to the extent of being almost every government's promise to combat it. The large overlap between poverty and deprivation allows us to study the latter as a proxy of the former. This analysis investigates deprivation in England and Wales in general and the city of Leeds in particular, by focusing on housing conditions indicator (HPC). The analyses conducted included pair-wise associations, multivariate linear regressions and formulating a deprivation index using standardised value. For England and Wales, housing in poor condition indicator was strongly associated with population size, percentage of job seekers, percentage of users of incapacity benefits, percentage of lone parent, percentage of disabled, percentage of females, Combined Living Environment Indicator (CLEI) and levels of air pollutants; whereas for Leeds, HPC was significantly associated with percentage of lone parent and CLEI. The geographic distribution of Leeds deprivation index was similar to those developed for Leeds but present more deprived areas at the peripheries of the city. Moreover, the analyses showed that gender or age distribution of the population did not play a significant role to housing deprivation in Leeds. Although the results of this analysis agree greatly with previous relevant research, the outcomes pose questions for future research especially the need to investigate the deprivation at the edges of the city away from the historically deprived central areas. Finally, the findings of this analysis call for social and environmental policy makers to regulate housing near highly polluted areas. 
Financial engagement of the Indian diaspora in Germany: Remitting to India. Indian nationals are a small but quickly growing migrant group in Germany that merits more research, especially related to remittance behaviour. Most of them are embedded in transnational networks; the remittances they send to India are an important way of expressing belonging, allowing the remitters to induce changes and fulfil traditional roles in spite of being physically absent. The findings presented in the paper's empirical section were collected with a mixed-methods-research approach. They are discussed against the background of the ongoing discourse on remittances and development. The idea of remittances as a better form of development aid is questioned. The article illuminates which types of remittances are important for Indian migrants in Germany, how the practice of remitting depends on the specific migration path, and how it differs between first and second generation. Analysis of the empirical results shows that seven types of remittances are relevant for Indian migrants in Germany. Individual remittances are more important than collective remittances, and parent support is the most important type of remittance. Charitable engagement within this group is highly individualised. The findings illustrate further how the remitting practices change over time-within life course and between generations. 
A Stochastic Correlation Model with Time Change for Pricing Credit Spread Options. In this report, we introduce the stochastic correlation processes for modeling the credit spread. We first model the components of spread process as correlated Ornstein-Uhlenbeck processes and correlation as Jacobi process. Using the properties of Jacobi process, we are able to obtain the analytical solutions for the credit spread option prices. To further enhance the model's ability to capture the abrupt changes in the observed correlation time series, we construct a new model where the correlation is modeled by a Jacobi process time change by Levy subordinators. We employ the eigenfunction expansion methods to obtain the closed-form solutions for the option prices. Our empirical study indicates the time changed Jacobi process fits the correlation series significantly better than the Jacobi process. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Bank Competition, Foreign Bank Entry, and Risk-Taking Behavior: Cross Country Evidence. This unique study examines the interactive role of bank competition and foreign bank entry in explaining the risk-taking of banks over the globe. We used cross-country data for the banking sector from 2000 to 2016. Using the pooled regression model and Two-stage Least Squares model (2SLS with Generalized Method of Moments GMM), we document that foreign bank entry decreases the risk-taking behavior of the banks to a certain level and exhibits an inverted U-shaped relation with financial stability. Furthermore, the joint effect of bank competition and foreign bank entry brings financial fragility because host banks tend to make risky investments due to undue competition induced by foreign bank entry. We support the competition-fragility hypothesis when foreign bank entry goes beyond a certain threshold. Our results also suggest that restrictions on bank activities and capital regulation stringency reduce the level of the risk factor. We also applied various robustness tests, which further confirm our mainstream results. Our findings have policy implications for foreign investors and regulatory authorities. 
Data Analysis of Consumption Upgrading of Urban Residents in China. In the process of deepening the supply-side reform, China's economic operation has shown a good momentum of steady development, and consumption has begun to play a prominent role in promoting economic growth. However, there are still many different opinions on whether it is "consumption upgrade" or "consumption downgrade". Based on the eight types of consumption data of urban residents in China from 1993 to 2016, this report uses the time-series global principal component analysis method and the ELES model to empirically analyze the longitudinal time series data from the three levels of consumption level, consumption structure and consumer satisfaction. The results show that the consumption level of urban residents is increasing steadily, the consumption structure is continuously optimized, and consumer satisfaction is significantly improved. At this stage, China is indeed in a period of consumption upgrading, rather than the consumption reduction proposed by the private sector. Therefore, under the background of supply-side structural reform, measures such as improving the income distribution system, improving the quality of labor supply, and developing scientific and medical equipment are the fundamental ways to accelerate the upgrading of China's consumption. 
Risk and Financial Management Hedonic Price Function for Residential Area Focusing on the Reasons for Residential Preferences in Japanese Metropolitan Areas. This analysis aims to offer a new estimate of the hedonic price function of residential areas in Japanese metropolitan areas, focusing on the reasons for residential preferences. More specifically, it introduces two new explanatory variables-'regional vulnerability' and 'accessibility to destination stations'-and determines their usefulness. Based on the evaluation done in this analysis, the hedonic price function mentioned above showed 60% interpretability (as compared to 52% interpretability by hedonic price function using only conventional explanatory variables. ) In addition, the significance level of both the explanatory variables was low, and the land price changed by 9% as the regional vulnerability changed by 1 grade. Furthermore, residents placed great emphasis on both variables. This made it evident that the introduction of the two explanatory variables that reflect the reasons for residential preferences specific to Japanese metropolitan areas was reasonable. 
Solving the Puzzle of Relative Importance of Dividends and Retained Earnings in Stock Valuation: A Case of Karachi Stock Exchange. Despite the growing debate on the stock price valuation, it has become a complex puzzle. Various theories, models and explanations have been provided to solve this confusing riddle. This analysis contributes to this debate by determining the relative importance of stock dividends and retained earnings regarding stock price valuation in Karachi Stock Exchange. Data for the analysis of this analysis were collected from the 66 nonfinancial companies that were included in KSE-100 index for a period from 2007 to 2010. This analysis found the evidence that dividends are more important variable than the retained earning regarding the explanatory power of stock prices in Karachi Stock Exchange. Practical implications are also provided in the study. 
Repeat Focus Group Discussions as a Tool for Strengthening of Management Capacity in a Community Development Project in Western China. This qualitative study was conducted in a community development structured project, in Ganzi Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan, China. The paper is the third in a series of three based on the same community intervention. This report focuses on management capacity building during the intervention. Our interest was to understand how decisions were made in a management team; how they interpreted their own roles; how they interacted and became involved and more spontaneous; and how they pursued new ideas. Three components were combined in order to build capacity, to use repeat FGDs for data collection, monitoring and empowerment, to organize training for the managers and to conduct core group meetings once a year. Content analysis was chosen as the method for examination of the material. Some key issues emerged out of this analysis. Firstly, the managers from different levels agreed that it helped generate communication, friendship, transparency, trust and improved skills. A second issue, during the process of implementation, was that the managers described change towards empowerment. Ultimately, for the stakeholders the repeat FGDs became a practical way for regular monitoring. The combination of repeat FGDs, training and core group meetings was successful. We understood from the participants that: training had given them improved knowledge; core group meetings had truly made them part of decision making and the repeat FGDs had equipped them with awareness of their own potentials and capacity. 
Determinants of Good Governance for Public Management in Cambodia. The purpose of this analysis was to determine good governance for public management in Cambodia with a focus in all Ministries. Specifically, this analysis sought to: 1) identify factors that might have effect on good governance based on literature reviews, 2) determine what factors influenced on good governance, 3) give a good model for evaluation on governance and finally, this analysis aims to give suggestion for improvement on good governance on public management and perhaps also for private management. 
Cambridge Review of International Affairs The perils of accountability after crisis: ambiguity, policy legacies, and value trade-offs The perils of accountability after crisis: ambiguity, policy legacies, and value trade-offs. This article interrogates a tension at the heart of the principle of accountability: accountability as a principle of non-impunity of public officials versus accountability as a form of bureaucratic organisation and control. Although these dimensions are distinguishable in the abstract, their ambiguity has led to an expectations gap among both citizens and elites. The historical legacies of previous policies can exacerbate this expectations gap, leading to a variety of value trade-offs, with the potential to undermine other political values, such as political learning, consensus-building, and citizens' rights. We present examples of the trade-offs resulting from this expectations gap, focusing on moments of crisis in which such trade-offs can be seen most acutely, and highlight its role as a vehicle of global populism. 
Does Expectation of Correlation Breakdown in Financial Market Fulfill Itself?. This report develops a model appeared in the literature whose focus was the way rational risk averse investors anticipate the correlation breakdowns of asset returns in periods of excess demand. That model analysed the dynamics of the "expected" returns of the risky asset, and their consistency with empirical evidence. However, the same model did not provide any evidence on actual correlation generated by the dynamics of returns. A model to link asset returns to excess demand is required to analyse the implied correlation between the securities traded. In this work we estimate such a model. Results confirm that the expected and ex-post correlation tend to move closely. In other words a self-fulfilling prophecy about correlation breakdown can take place, even when rational agents dominate the financial market. 
The Influence of Organizational Justice on Employees Compulsory Citi-zenship Behavior: The Mediation Effect of Psychological Security. In this report, we explore the influence mechanism of compulsory citizenship behavior. The article explores the relationship between organizational justice and compulsory citizenship behavior in the view of social exchange theory. With regression analysis of 260 samples, we find that organizational justice has a significant effect on compulsory citizenship behavior. Meanwhile, psychological security plays a part in mediating the effect. 
China and Sub-Saharan Africa's Economic Development: A Multipolar Specification. Within the purview of contemporary international development discourse, China, alongside other regional powers are perceived as growth poles or drivers of global development. In the context of Africa's development around which some of the emergent issues have been framed, analyses often proceed along a bilateral framework where the influence of China is isolated and assumed to be neither connected with nor shaped by the influences of other growth poles. Inspired by recent development in policy circles, this report develops a multipolar framework to explain ways by which dimensions of possible interactions amongst activities of growth poles can affect development outcomes in other regions. It is then used to demonstrate how a nexus of Sino-EU activities has had limited impact on the development of Africa's manufactured exports in comparison with similar nexus involving China and US. 
Operation Model Summary and Trend Research of the Highway Freight Logistics Park in China. Road transportation accounts for 80% of the market in China, and it is important to research development for the road hub Logistics Park. In this report, through the analysis of the concept and the main characteristics of Highway Freight Logistics Park, based on the analysis and summary typical operation mode of Highway Freight Logistics Park, combining with the operating environment and development needs to obtain the development trend of operation mode of the Highway Freight Logistics Parkin China. 
Under What Conditions Do Rules-Based and Capability-Based Management Modes Dominate?. Despite real changes in the work place and the negative consequences of prevailing hierarchical structures with rigid management systems, little attention has yet been paid to shifting management modes to accommodate the dynamics of the external environment, particularly when a firm's operating environment demands a high degree of flexibility. Building on the resource-based view as a basis for competitive advantage, we posit that differences in the stability of an organization's environment and the degree of managerial control explain variations in the management mode used in firms. Unlike other studies which mainly focus on either the dynamics of the external environment or management control, we have developed a theoretical model combining both streams of research, in a context frame to describe under what conditions firms engage in rules-based, change-based, engagement-based and capability-based management modes. To test our theoretical framework, we conducted a survey with 54 firms in various industries and nations on how their organizations cope with a dynamic environment and what management style they used in response. Our study reveals that the appropriate mode can be determined by analyzing purpose, motivation, knowledge and information, as well as the degree of complexity, volatility and uncertainty the firm is exposed to. With our framework, we attempt to advance the understanding of when organizations should adapt their management style to the changing business environment. 
Are Participants in Bond Market Concerned about the Quality of Information Disclosure: Evidence from Chinese Listed Companies. High quality of information disclosure can reduce the information asymmetry, which is very important to the effective operation of the capital market. This article studies whether participants in bond market are concerned about the quality of information disclosure based on a sample of listed companies in China's bond market from 2007 to 2013. We find that there is no significant relationship between information disclosure quality and credit rating, indicating the credit rating agencies are not concerned about information disclosure quality. However, we find information disclosure quality can significantly reduce the bond financing cost, which indicates that bond investors are concerned about information disclosure quality. H. Luo et al. 1032 about the disclosure quality. Moreover, there is also no research on whether bond investors are concerned about the information disclosure quality. 
Materials Effect of Quenching Tempering-Post Weld Heat Treatment on the Microstructure and Mechanical Properties of Laser-Arc Hybrid-Welded Boron Steel. In the present study, we have investigated the effect of post-welding heat treatment (PWHT) of quenching and tempering (QT) on the microstructure and mechanical properties of welded boron steel joints processed using laser-arc hybrid welding on two commercial filler materials, SM80 (Type-I) and ZH120 (Type-II). The microstructure and mechanical properties of the weld joints were characterized via optical microscopy, Vickers microhardness, and the uniaxial tensile test. The macrostructure of the weld joint was composed of a fusion zone (FZ), heat-affected zone (HAZ), and base metal zone (BMZ). After the QT-PWHT, the QT specimens revealed the V-shape hardness distribution across the weld joint, while the as-welded specimen exhibited the M-shape hardness distribution. As a result, the QT specimens revealed the premature fracture with little reduction in the area at the interface between the HAZ and FZ, while the as-welded specimen exhibited the local necking and rupture in the BMZ. In addition, the Type-II filler material with a greater value of equivalent carbon content was rarely influenced by the tempering, maintaining its hardness in the as-quenched status, while the Type-I filler material showed a gradual decrease in hardness with the tempering time. The results demonstrate that the Type-II weld joint outperformed the Type-I weld joint in terms of the structural integrity of welded parts. high precision in the workpiece fit-up and edge preparation [5]. These drawbacks can be compensated for by using the arc welding process because of its advantages such as excellent gap bridging ability and high electrical efficiency regardless of reflectivity. Thus, laser-arc hybrid welding is a commonly applied technology in various manufacturing industries for the welding of metallic plates. 
Factors That Determine the Growth of Micro and Small Enterprises: In the Case of Hawassa City, Ethiopia. Micro and small-scale enterprises have key roles to ensure economic growth and reduce poverty in developing countries. This analysis was conducted on Hawassa City to investigate factor determining the growth of Micro and Small-Scale Enterprise on metal, wood processing, brocket production sector and other enterprise. Primary data is collected from 95 respondents using well-organized self-administered questionnaire. To analyze the data, the researcher used descriptive statistics like frequency tables, graphs and other summary statistics, and regression analysis. In this analysis capital change is used as a measure of growth of micro & small-scale enterprise. After the establishment of their business, respondents can produce 66. 4 thousand Birr on average. Based on the regression analysis, capital change is significantly determined by explanatory variable like age of respondent, sex of respondent, government motivation, educational level, financial access, and adequate infrastructure. 
Psychosocial Roots of Stigma of Homosexuality and Its Impact on the Lives of Sexual Minorities in India. The present study examined the factors related to the negative attitude of society towards sexual minorities living in India. This analysis also explored further the impact of such stigmatization and carrying homosexual identity on the lives of lesbian and gay individuals. To fulfill the objectives, two studies were conducted. Study 1 included 24 heterosexuals and this analysis scrutinized the societal perspective regarding homosexuality and attitude towards it. Results showed that homosexuality is a strong stigma in India. The results further provided factors responsible for the prevalence of negative attitudes towards homosexuality. Study 2 included 34 sexual minorities (gay & lesbian) and explored the impact of stigmatization on their lives. It also demonstrated the adverse effect of the stigma on the lives and wellbeing of the sexual minorities. The present paper provides an exhaustive theoretical and empirical underpinning of the development and existence of the stigma of homosexuality in Indian society. The results have implications for understanding and mitigating stigma in various walks of life. 
WeChat Marketing of Catering Industry from Consumers' Perspective. With the development of science and technology, more and more social softwares emerge. In this context, new marketing ways also emerge in an endless stream. WeChat marketing is a new marketing mode following the micro-blog which also relies on social network, and it has been widely applied to all trades and professions. Being Chinese traditional enterprises, the catering industry is also facing with increasing competition. Thus, considered as an important means to cope with the international competition, WeChat marketing is essential for the catering industry marketing. On one hand, catering enterprises demonstrate delicacies. On the other hand, they listen to the voice of, and try to meet the demand of consumers by WeChat, and then take action timely according to the changes of the market, by adjusting enterprise marketing modes and launching new products. This report takes HaiDiLao and Little Sheep, two well-known catering enterprises in China, as empirical examples, and briefly analyzes their WeChat marketing of how to operate in the catering industry from the consumer's point of view. Meanwhile, by comparing and analyzing the WeChat marketing of HaiDiLao and Little Sheep, the advantages and disadvantages of each enterprise were summarized respectively. Consequently, recommendations for their development and improvement were put forth. 
Indicators of Efficiency in the Pharmaceutical Management of a Public Health System. This practical research arises from a growing interest in offering models that provide a measure of the efficiency of pharmaceutical management in the Public Health System, beyond spending per inhabitant or other similar indices that do not incorporate the effects of the environment. The main objective of the paper is to design a tool that can measure the relative efficiency of health systems, with respect to the rational use of medicament based on its regional socioeconomic context. The first step was to check if it is possible to apply the efficiency and productivity analysis models, widely used in the economy and companies. We have carefully chosen the context factors that are pertinent and influential in the final index: demographic, sanitary, economic, and social. After selecting and ordering the context variables of the different regions of Spain, they are normalized using the index number transformation or 'distance' to a reference. The weighted sum method is used to build the synthetic indicators. The main contribution of this report is to propose a relative efficiency indicator that assumes the context of performance and allows a comparison between health organizations. The methodology offered in this manuscript could assist policymakers to make better decisions in order to enhance the productivity of the public pharmaceutical system, and it makes available feedback about past decisions. 
The 40S Ribosomal Protein S6 Response to Blue Light by Interaction with SjAUREO in Saccharina japonica. Blue light (BL) plays an important role in regulation of the growth and development of aquatic plants and land plants. Aureochrome (AUREO), the recent BL photoreceptor identified in photosynthetic stramenopile algae, is involved in the photomorphogenesis and early development of Saccharina japonica porophytes (kelp). However the factors that interact with the SjAUREO under BL conditions specifically are not clear. Here in our study, three high quality cDNA libraries with CFU over 5 x 10 6 and a recombination rate of 100% were constructed respectively through white light (WL), BL and darkness (DK) treatments to the juvenile sporophytes. Based on the constructed cDNA libraries, the interactors of SjAUREO were screened and analyzed. There are eighty-four genes encoding the sixteen predicted proteins from the BL cDNA library, sixty-eight genes encoding eighteen predicted proteins from the DK cDNA library, and seventy-four genes encoding nineteen proteins from the WL cDNA library. All the predicted proteins are presumed to interact with SjAUREO when co-expressed with SjAUREO seperately. The 40S ribosomal protein S6 (RPS6), which only exists in the BL treated cDNA library except for two other libraries, and which is essential for cell proliferation and is involved in cell cycle progression, was selected for detailed analysis. We showed that its transcription was up-regulated by BL, and was highly transcribed in the basal blade (meristem region) of juvenile sporophytes but less in the distal part. Taken together, our results indicated that RPS6 was highly involved in BL-mediated kelp cellular division and photomorphogenesis by interacting with SjAUREO. 
Modeling Investment Cycles: A Theoretical Analysis. [2]) in discrete time. More specifically, we present a three-equation structural model in order to examine the behavior over time of capital. Our purpose is the analysis of investment cycles, defined as the quasi-periodic cyclical motion of capital. It is demonstrated that when the trigonometric oscillation is the case, the system is dynamically stable. In addition, we extend the analysis, introducing an exogenous credit term, the interest rate on loans, as an unknown function of time in the behavioral equation of investors. We infer that the introduction of this credit term results in an alternative equilibrium level of capital. 
Fair Value and Its Economic Consequence on the Volatility Measures of Earnings, Stock Price and Government Debt Yield. Many banks and commentators argued that fair value accounting was the root caused the procyclical decline in bank assets and capitals, the failures of large financial sector and extreme volatility in financial asset prices during the GFC. Fair value measurements may result in different figures for earnings and capital, both of which are important as buffers against insolvency. Fair value may also convey different messages to the market, either value relevance or volatility, it will lead to different economic consequences in allocating capital resource. This analysis is an attempt to review the studies of fair value and its impact on earnings volatility and stock price volatility and takes a step further it shows the way in which fair value could potentially introduce volatility into the financial system in particularly a mathematical derivation shows that the government bonds volatility is affected by earnings volatility and its decomposition of fair value and historical cost earnings volatilities. As such, fair value may contribute to a highly volatile market and general investors need to understand the tradeoff between fair value relevance and volatility in making an investment decision. 
Evaluation of Rugby Players' Psychological-Competitive Ability by Utilizing the Analytic Hierarchy Process. The Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) is a decision-making support method for selecting a solution from alternatives based on a number of evaluation criteria. This method has also been utilized in recent years to evaluate athletes' competitive ability regarding their physical, technical, and mental aspects. Therefore, this analysis has sought to develop an evaluation index of rugby players' psychological-competitive ability as their mental aspects. Initially, a survey on sixty-seven male university rugby players was conducted using the Diagnostic Inventory of Psychological-Competitive Ability (DIPCA. 3) for Athletes. Next, a rugby coach was asked in an interview coach's to rank five factors of DIPCA. 3. After that, total evaluation values of each rugby player were calculated using the DIPCA. 3 scores, the coach's ranking, and AHP. The rugby players were divided into two groups, those with high or low DIPCA3 scores. Then, members in each of these two groups were divided again into two groups, for high or low total evaluation values of AHP. Comparing the high and low groups from the total evaluation values, the proportion of rugby players in the high level group, who were regular players and had much experience participating in national competitions, was significantly larger among the high group than the low group. The results of this analysis suggested that the total evaluation value calculated with AHP was more effective than the total scores of DIPCA. 3 for evaluation of rugby players' mental aspects. 
The Interaction of Borrower and Loan Characteristics in Predicting Risks of Subprime Automobile Loans. We utilize the data of a very large UK automobile loan firm to study the interaction of the characteristics of borrowers and loans in predicting the subsequent loan performance. Our broader findings confirm the earlier research on the issue of subprime auto loans. More importantly, unmarried borrowers living with furnished tenancy agreements who have relatively new jobs have a probability of defaulting of more than 60% compared to an average 7% default rate in overall subprime borrowers in the dataset. Also, in the above category are those who live in a less prosperous part of the UK such as the north-west, are full-time self-employed, have other large loan arrears, fall into the bottom 25% percentile of monthly income, secure loans with high loan to total value (LTV), purchase expensive automobiles with shorter loan duration payment plans, and have a high dependency on government support. This in fact is also true of those who go into arrears, except that the highest probability in this context is around 40% compared to 6% for an overall sample. These findings shall help in the understanding of subprime auto loans performance in relation to borrowers and loan features alongside helping auto finance firms improve predictive models and decision-making. 
The O3-Farm Project: First Evaluation of a Business Process Management (BPM) Approach through the Development of an Experimental Farm Management System for Milk Traceability. The modeling of farm workflows, and the use of a business process management (BPM) paradigm, could enable improvement in the development of farm management information systems (FMIS). A rapid design of software applications could be possible and quick development, intrinsically service oriented, could be achieved through the use of a software suite for the implementation of BPM diagrams. As the first evaluation of this paradigm, an experimental FMIS was developed considering a "use-case" whose target was to develop a hardware and software solution for the traceability of milk. The outcomes of this activity have shown that the software application developed (O3-Farm) was able to provide all features of the database application previously used for the traceability of milk. At the same time, it was able to provide some new features such as increased usability, portability and efficiency. Also, the chance to integrate it with other possible software applications was increased as a result of a better sharing of agricultural data. This seems to suggest that a design, and a software suite, based on the BPM paradigm, could be a valid way for the development of FMIS also in line with the farm software environment models if its abilities to describe, use and deploy, workflows and software services are taken into consideration. 
Incentivizing efficient utilization without reducing access: The case against cost-sharing in insurance. Cost-sharing is regarded as an important tool to reduce moral hazard in health insurance. Contrary to standard prediction, however, such requirements are found to decrease utilization both of efficient and of inefficient care. I employ a simple model that incorporates two possible explanations-consumer mistakes and limited access-to assess the welfare implications of different insurance designs. I find cost-sharing never to be an optimal solution as it produces two novel inefficiencies by limiting access. An alternative design, relying on bonuses, has no such side effects and achieves the same incentivization. I show how the optimal design can be deduced empirically and discuss possible impediments to its implementation. 
Art Hacking for Business Innovation: An Exploratory Case Study on Applied Artistic Strategies. Despite a growing interest in the effects of arts-based interventions on organizational change, concepts aiming at business innovation and product development other than residencies are rare. Furthermore, little is known about the role and impact of artists involved in idea-generating formats. How does the personal presence of artists in a heterogenous working group influence the procedure? To what extent do artists unfold their creative qualities while dealing with such a non-artistic challenge? The paper introduces a method named Art Hacking that applies professional labour attitudes typical for artists and artistic modes of thinking to business problems and enhances the approach by having artists attend the whole intervention. One of these events was taken as a case for exploring the role of four artists in the collective idea-generation process. The results of participatory observation along critical incident technique substantiate the thesis that in interdisciplinary "playgrounds" artists implicitly become process leaders. They are catalysts for awareness, sensemaking and change of perspective. 
Cooperation amongst insurers on enhancing quality of care: precondition or substitute for competition?. In health care systems based upon managed competition, insurers are expected to negotiate with providers about price and quality of care. The Dutch experience, however, shows that quality plays a limited role in insurer-provider negotiations. It has been suggested that this is partly due to a lack of cooperation among insurers. This raises the question whether cooperation amongst insurers is a precondition or a substitute for quality-based competition. To answer this question, we mapped insurers' cooperating activities to enhance quality of care using a six-stage continuum. The first three stages (defining, designing and measuring quality indicators) may enhance competition, whereas the next three stages (setting benchmarks, steering patients and selective contracting) may reduce it. We investigated which types of insurer cooperation currently take place in the Netherlands. Additionally, we organized focus groups among insurers, providers and other stakeholders to examine their perceptions on insurer cooperation. We find that all stakeholders see advantages of cooperation amongst insurers in the first stages of the continuum and sometimes cooperate in this domain. Cooperation in the next stages is almost absent and more controversial because without adequate quality information, it is difficult to assess whether the benefits outweigh the cost associated with reduced competition. 
Role of Strong versus Weak Networks in Small Business Growth in an Emerging Economy. The study tests whether strong rather than weak ties account for small business growth in Turkey. Data were collected by means of a questionnaire filled out by the owners of small firms operating in four cities. Growth is comprised of two main areas, production expansion and knowledge acquisition. Results show that strong ties are positively related to both types of growth. In contrast, loose ties have no effect on small business growth in either area. This finding is attributed to the influence of the collectivistic nature of the mainstream Turkish culture, where owners of small businesses are likely to rely on in-groups rather than out-groups for advice and for financial support. Implications of relative absence of weak ties for small business growth and innovation in emerging economies are discussed. The findings suggest that culture should be included as a contingency variable in future studies of network strength and growth relationship. The paper also discusses the possible moderating role of affective and cognition-based trust in the relation of strong and weak ties to small business growth. 
CONSUMER PROTECTION FOR ONLINE BANKING SCAMS VIA E-MAIL IN MALAYSIA. The new advancement in technology both hard and soft is creating new opportunities for cyber criminals. It is an effective tool for going against the law. In the economic sector, the number of Malaysians opting for online banking to do transaction is increasing. There are 9. 8 million online banking account holders in Malaysia. However, cases of online banking scams in Malaysia have been increasing since such fi rst case was registered in 2005. Statistics from Financial Mediation Bureau showed that the number of cases had increased. Therefore, the objectives of this report are to identify cyber scams via email in online banking business model and to examine consumer protection of online banking scams in Malaysia. 
Natural Language Processing and Fuzzy Tools for Business Processes in a Geolocation Context. In the geolocation field where high-level programs and low-level devices coexist, it is often difficult to find a friendly user interface to configure all the parameters. The challenge addressed in this report is to propose intuitive and simple, thus natural language interfaces to interact with low-level devices. Such interfaces contain natural language processing (NLP) and fuzzy representations of words that facilitate the elicitation of business-level objectives in our context. A complete methodology is proposed, from the lexicon construction to a dialogue software agent including a fuzzy linguistic representation, based on synonymy. 
The Impact of Economic Growth and Tax Reform on Tax Revenue and Structure: Evidence from China Experience. This report aims to study the mechanism of how economic growth and tax reform affect total tax revenue and structure over the period. On the basis of the introduction of China's previous main measures in tax reform, this report uses methods as descriptive statistics, multi-segment linear regression model and principal component analysis to analyze how economic growth and tax reform affect the total tax revenue and structure mainly from three aspects as the total amount of the tax, the value-added tax and the corporate income tax, which are under the background of tax reform. The empirical results show that economic growth not only has a significant impact on the total tax revenue and structure changes, but also has a long-term stability relationship with total tax revenue. And in a long term, there is no extraordinary growth of tax revenue. In addition, every tax reform shows a clear impact on the tax structure, while the impact of changes in the total tax revenue is diminishing over time. 
Risks Testing for Seasonal Affective Disorder on Selected CEE and SEE Stock Markets. Effects of seasonal affective disorder (SAD) are explored on several selected Central and South East European markets in this analysis for the period 2010-2018. Both return and risk sensitivities on the SAD effect are examined for 11 markets in total (Bosnia and Herzegovina, Ukraine). SAD effects are based upon psychiatric and behavioural theories, and are rarely observed on the stock markets today. Thus, this research provides empirical evaluation of the mentioned effects for some of the markets for the first time in the literature. The results indicate that 6 out of 11 markets exhibit SAD effects to some extent, meaning that investors' risk aversion does change over the year, depending upon the season of the year. Such results have consequences in finance theory modelling and practical usage in investment strategies on stock markets as well. 
What Determines Chinese Firms' Decision on Implementing Voluntary Environmental Schemes?. Understanding why firms choose to implement voluntary environmental schemes in a large polluted country like China is important for both environmental economists and policy makers. In this report, we utilize unique plant-level survey data of 270 Chinese firms in manufacturing industry to identify the key determinants of their decisions on certifying ISO 14001 environmental management standard and the Chinese Environmental Label. The empirical results exhibit that while there are a number of factors (e. g. , ownership, firm size, target market, and the number of rivals) having similar effects on the certification decisions between the two examined programs, the unique factors that only affect the decision of certifying one program (i. e. , ISO 14001 or the Chinese Environmental Label) are also observed. 2 The GDP share of the Yangtze Delta Area over the whole country is about 25. 45% in 2006, while the population share is about 15. 56% [21]. 
Article 43 K (2020) How Feasible Is the Scaling-Out of Livelihood and Food System Adaptation in Asia-Pacific Islands?. The sustainable development and food security of islands in the Asia-Pacific region is severely compromised by climate change, sea level rise and compounding socio-economic issues. To achieve a step-change in food production and climate adaptation, livelihoods must rapidly transform. Food security programs continue to apply the "pipeline" model of scaling-out technological innovations, but do not account for the social-ecological complexity of islands. We tested the feasibility of scaling-out adaptation strategies in two provinces in the region: Nusa Tenggara Barat in Indonesia, and West New Britain in Papua New Guinea. Guided by a sub-district typology of resource use, we trialled a participatory, systems-based livelihood adaptation pathways approach in sub-district case studies. The process aimed to mainstream social learning and future uncertainty into community development decision-making, yielding 'no regrets' adaptation strategies to transform livelihoods. We tested two assumptions: first, that because the contexts of all villages were homogenous, strategies were sufficiently similar to enable scaling-out across the provinces; second, that the sub-district typologies would assist scaling-out within each type. The results showed that the first assumption was untenable: there was very little similarity amongst villages' strategies; only sustainable fisheries management was scalable amongst coastal villages. The second was marginally tenable, because there were strong similarities amongst villages in an off-shore island type. When pooled into classes of adaptation strategy, most related to practice and behaviour change, and addressed systemic social issues; very few were technological. Our results suggest that scaling-out livelihood and food system innovations is not feasible due to the complex social-ecological contexts within islands, caused by steep climate gradients, natural resource and cultural diversity. We discuss the limitations of a resource use typology that aimed to mitigate this complexity and guide scaling-out. Instead we argue that appropriate social learning approaches akin to livelihood adaptation pathways must be mainstreamed into existing community development decision cycles, thereby Butler et al. 
Evaluation of Physical and Economic Water-Saving Efficiency for Virtual Water Flows Related to Inter-Regional Crop Trade in China. If products were traded from regions with relatively high water productivity to regions with relatively low water productivity, water saving could be achieved. In this analysis, two indices-physical water-saving efficiency (volume of water savings per cubic meter of virtual water flows) and economic water-saving efficiency (value of water savings per cubic meter of virtual water flows considering water right trading)-were proposed to analyze the efficiency of inter-regional virtual water flows related to crop trade in China. Results indicated that the volume of inter-regional virtual water flows was 1. 61 x 10 9 m 3 , more than 90% of which was occupied by oil-bearing crops, cereals, and beans. In terms of physical efficiency, only cereals and vegetables presented negative values. All kinds of crop trades were economically efficient, while most crops' economic water-saving efficiency was less than 10 x 10 3 Yuan/m 3. The application of advanced water-saving technologies, the cultivation of new crop varieties, the adjustment of regional cropping patterns, or consumption and trade patterns, could contribute to more water savings and higher physical water-saving efficiency, while the possible social, economic, and environmental tradeoffs should be considered simultaneously. Water right trading and virtual water compensation could contribute to sustainable water consumption, and full-cost pricing should be adapted in the future. 
CBU INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INNOVATIONS IN SCIENCE AND EDUCATION MARCH 21-23, 2018, PRAGUE, CZECH REPUBLIC RUSSIA'S IMPACT ON THE COMPETITIVENESS OF OTHER EAEU MEMBER STATES WITH RESPECT TO TRADE IN HIGH-TECH GOODS. The main objective of this article is to determine the influence of Russia (in terms of their exports to Russia) on the competitiveness of Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan in the international trade of high-tech goods in 2000-2016 in the context of the overall competitiveness of these countries in the international trade in this goods category. To this end, the author's formula was used, which is a modification of the method of analysis of revealed comparative advantages in foreign trade of a given country developed by B. Balassa, while taking into account a hypothetical situation of total exclusion of exports to a country whose impact on the competitiveness of a given country is under examination. The analysis clearly shows that the influence of Russia (in terms of their exports to Russia) on the international competitiveness of Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan in the area of high-tech goods trade in 2000-2016 was generally positive, although it differed in terms of strength of the impact, with the strongest being the case of Belarus and the weakest being the case of Armenia. However, this did not change the overall uncompetitive position of the analysed EAEU countries in the total international trade of high-tech goods. JEL Classification Numbers: F14, O31, P45; DOI: http://dx. 
Red or Blue? The Influence of Background Color on Promotion Value Perception. Promotions are commonly used marketing tools for enterprises; the effectiveness of promotional posters is related to the success or failure of promotional activities. This report embarks from two major elements of poster-promotional information and background color, and studies the effects of different promotional frames and background colors on the perceived value of consumer activity. This analysis divides the promotional framework into positive promotional framework and negative promotion framework. Through two experiments, the paper discusses how the matching of promotional frame and background color affects consumers' value perception of promotional activities, and studies the mediating effect of perceptual diagnosis on the relationship, and the moderating effect of individual control sense on the relationship. The conclusion of the experiment is that the match between the promotional frame and the background color has an interactive effect on the value perception of the promotional activities. The experiment second verifies the existence of this interaction effect and verifies the mediating effect of perceptual diagnostics. 
The Long-Term Financial and Clinical Impact of an Electronic Health Record on an Academic Ophthalmology Practice. Purpose. To examine financial and clinical work productivity outcomes associated with the use of the electronic health record (EHR). Methods. 191,360 billable clinical encounters were analyzed for 12 clinical providers over a 9-year study period during which an EHR was implemented. Main outcome measures were clinical revenues collected per provider and secondary outcomes were charge capture, patient visit coding levels, transcription costs, patient visit volume per provider, digital drawing, and digital imaging volume. Results. The difference in inflation adjusted net clinical revenue per provider per year did not change significantly in the period after EHR implementation (mean = $404,198; SD = $17,912) than before (mean = $411,420; SD = $39,366) ( = 0. 746). Charge capture, the proportion of higher-and lower-level visit codes for new and established patients, and patient visits per provider remained stable. A total savings of $188,951 in transcription costs occurred over a 4-year time period post-EHR implementation. The rate of drawing the ophthalmic exam in the EHR was low (mean = 2. 28%; SD = 0. 05%) for all providers. Conclusions. This analysis did not show a clear financial gain after EHR implementation in an academic ophthalmology practice. Ophthalmologists do not rely on drawings to document the ophthalmic exam; instead, the ophthalmic exam becomes text-driven in a paperless world. 
A numerical study of cell merger over Cuba -Part I: implementation of the ARPS/MM5 models. On 21 July 2001 a number of severe storms developed over the region of Camaguey, Cuba, which were observed by radar. A numerical simulation was performed in order to realistically reproduce the development of the storms observed that day. The mesoscale model MM5 was used to determine the initial, boundary and update conditions for the storm-scale simulation with the model ARPS. Changes to the source code of ARPS were made in order to assimilate the output from the MM5 as input data and a new land-use file with a 1-km horizontal resolution for the Cuban territory was created. 
Managing Restaurant Attributes for Destination Satisfaction: What Goes beyond Food?. Local cuisine has increasingly become one of the crucial factors contributing to how tourists experience a destination. As such, understanding which attributes affect travelers' experience of the local food is especially important to enhance tourist satisfaction. Therefore, the main purpose of this analysis is to determine the relative importance of different local cuisine experience attributes, as well as the perception of their performances. In doing so, Importance Performance Analysis (IPA) was conducted to assess tourists' perception. Data were collected from foreign travelers visiting Istanbul, Turkey, which is famous and well-known for its local cuisine. Furthermore, how different attributes affect destination satisfaction was analyzed via regression models. Interestingly, food-related cultural aspects and social aspects outweigh the food quality for their relative importance to travelers. Additionally, other than the physical environment, all attributes were found to contribute to tourists' satisfaction of the destination. Practical implications are provided in terms of how to promote and develop a competitive advantage by using local cuisine attributes for destination marketing. 
Group versus Individual Reward in the Asch Experiment without Confederates. This analysis examined whether rewarding participants' principles would affect conformity of the minority responders in the Asch experiment. Twenty groups of four university male students (N = 80; 19 -24 years old; mean age, 20. 7 and SD, 1. 32) participated in the Asch conformity experiments without using confederates, as developed by Mori and Arai (2010). Participants were randomly assigned: one of each foursome to the minority condition and the remaining three to the majority condition. In the half of the groups, the participants were told they would be rewarded individually depending on their each performance (Individual Reward condition). The other half were told to be rewarded group-wise (Group Reward condition). The results showed that the minority responders of the Group Reward groups conformed to the majority, while no minority responders conformed to the majority in the Individual Reward groups. 
Understanding Male Caregivers' Emotional, Financial, and Physical Burden in the United States. Men caregivers face caregiving burden, have weak support networks and are less likely to seek out programs which increase their caregiving capabilities and help them cope with this burden. Using the 2011 and 2015 National Study of Caregiving (NSOC) database and hierarchical regressions, we studied the emotional, financial, and physical burden of male caregivers as spouses, sons, and other caregivers by assessing the impact of caregiver characteristics, tasks and resources for each subgroup. We highlighted the importance of using a nationally representative database for men caregivers only and emphasized that these caregivers are not a monolithic group. We found that all caregivers experienced these three burden types, particularly elevated emotional stress, with sons reporting the highest emotional and financial strain levels. Assisting with personal care was the most stressful task and caregivers vastly under-utilized support and training. Our results suggest that burden suppressants included having family and friends help with caregiving, having time to decompress, and feeling appreciated by the care recipient. These findings offer insight for devising future policies that intentionally include relationship and burden type to encourage improved and more caregiving from men while supporting their well-being. 
Large Improvement in the Mechanical Properties of Polyurethane Nanocomposites Based on a Highly Concentrated Graphite Nanoplate/Polyol Masterbatch. In this analysis, a highly concentrated graphite nanoplate (GNP)/polyol masterbatch was prepared by the exfoliation of natural graphite in an aqueous system using cetyltrimethylammonium bromide and the replacement of aqueous solution with a polyol, viz. poly(tetramethylene ether glycol), and it was subsequently used to prepare polyurethane (PU) nanocomposites by simple dilution. The polyol in the masterbatch efficiently prevented the aggregation of GNPs during the preparation of PU nanocomposite. In addition, the dispersed GNPs in the masterbatch exhibited rheological behavior of lyotropic liquid crystalline materials. In this analysis, the manufacture and application methods of the GNP/polyol masterbatch were discussed, enabling the facile manufacture of the PU/GNP nanocomposites with excellent mechanical properties. In addition, the manner in which the GNP alignment affected the microphase separation of PU in the nanocomposites was investigated, which determined the improvement in the mechanical properties of the nanocomposites. High-performance PU/GNP nanocomposites are thought to be manufactured from the GNP/polyol masterbatch by the simple dilution to 0. 1 wt% GNP in the nanocomposite. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Firm Size Does Matter: New Evidence on the Determinants of Cash Holdings. We study the financial determinants of cash holdings and discuss the importance of firm size in the post-crisis period. We employ panel data regression analysis on a sample of 6629 non-financial and non-utility listed companies in the United Kingdom from 2010 to 2018. We focus on the comparative analysis of large, medium, and small size firms in terms of cash holdings. Our findings indicate that cash levels are higher for firms with riskier cash flows, more growth opportunities, and higher R&D expenditures. In contrast, the firms' cash holdings decrease when the substitutes of cash, cash flows, and capital expenditures increase. We show that small-sized firms tend to hold more cash than their larger counterparts due to precautionary motives. Further, we confirm a significant and varying association between managerial ownership and cash holdings. The study is robust to different regression specifications, additional analyses, and endogeneity tests. Overall, we add to the prior literature by identifying the effect of firm-level attributes and governance characteristics on cash policy during the post-crisis period. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first work that provides insights on the way that firm characteristics impact cash holdings, considering the differences among firm size groupings. 
Adopting Healthcare Information Exchange among Organizations, Regions, and Hospital Systems toward Quality, Sustainability, and Effectiveness. Adopting data and information integration and exchange between two or more organizations, regions, communities, health insurance companies, and hospital systems has gradually become a requirement to improve health care quality, sustainability in management of work processes, and efficiency and effectiveness in financial and administrative management through cost monitoring and improved clinical protocols. The central aim of this analysis was to demonstrate how the use of Health Information Exchange (HIE) models helps increase quality, sustainability, efficiency, and effectiveness through data and information integration and exchange. Data collection were performed through an assessment of the literature in the timeframe between 2002 and 2016 referring to academic or non-academic organizations. The analysis of the literature considered Brazilian, American, and European articles. The results from the research on electronic databases were not satisfactory for the Brazilian scenario, where this theme is still very recent. Results from statistical, quantitative, and qualitative analyses showing data, indices, and the use of ICTs through dedicated software showed that health data and information exchange is capable of improving: 1) the quality of care given to patients and employees of the institution; 2) sustainability in management of work processes and activities pertaining to the relationship between providers, users, and service offer; 3) effectiveness and efficiency in operational cost monitoring and service protocols, giving the health institutions a prominent position in their fields in the eyes of external investors. Regarding the appropriate, legally-and policy-compliant use of data and information exchange and integration, organizations must obey legal requirements in conformity with each country's How to cite this report: Salomi, M. J. A. , & Claro, P. B. (2020). Adopting Healthcare Information Exchange among Organizations, Regions, and Hospital Systems toward Quality, Sustainability, and Effectiveness. Technology and Investment, 11, 58-97. Technology and Investment current legislation. Suggestions for future studies are given at the end. 60 Technology and Investment the view on patient care, potentially increasing satisfaction with in/outpatient care; c) helps budgets by potentially increasing sales and reducing costs, thus promoting new business opportunities based on scenario analyses and efficient crossing of data and information on care, seasonality, and financial flows. This contributes to organizational sustainability and optimizes business intelligence about stakeholders. Advancements in ICTs have also enabled the advent of Telemedicine and its subdivisions, bringing reductions in operational costs that result in increased effectiveness and efficiency, and faster diagnosis. By enabling medical activities at a distance, consulting, getting a second medical opinion, and exchanging data and information, telemedicine offers higher quality and sustainability, as well as technological advancements to the whole chain of medical care. 
Wettability Investigation of UV/O 3 and Acid Functionalized MWCNT and MWCNT/PMMA Nanocomposites by Contact Angle Measurement. The dispersion state of individual MWCNT in the polymer matrix influences the mechanical, thermal, and electrical properties of the resulting composite. One method of obtaining a good dispersion state of MWCNT in a polymer matrix is to functionalize the surface of MWCNT using various treatments to enhance the surface energy and increase the dispersibility of MWCNT. In this analysis, wettability and surface energy of UV/O 3 and acid-treated multiwall carbon nanotubes (MWCNTs) and its polymethyl methacrylate (PMMA) polymer nanocomposites were measured using contact angle analysis in various solvent media. Contact angle analysis was based on ethylene glycol-water-glycerol probe liquid set and data was further fitted into geometric mean (Fowkes), van Oss-Chaudhury-Good (GvOC), and Chang-Qing-Chen (CQC) models to determine both nonpolar and acid base surface energy components. Analysis was conducted on MWCNT thin films subjected to different levels of UV/O 3 and acid treatments as well as their resulting MWCNT/PMMA nanocomposites. Contact angle analysis of thin films and nanocomposites revealed that the total surface energy of all samples was well fitted with each other. In addition, CQC model was able to determine the surface nature and polarity of MWCNT and its nanocomposites. Results indicated that the wettability changes in the thin film and its nanocomposites are due to the change in surface chemistry. Finally, electrical properties of nanocomposites were measured to investigate the effect of surface functionality (acid or basic) on the MWCNT surfaces. 
The Cyclical Behaviour of Real Wages: Evidence from Australia. This report analyses the behaviour of real wages over the business cycle for Australia, using quarterly observations for the period 1984 : 1-2008 : 2. The unobserved cyclical components of prices, real wages, and three other cyclical variables are extracted from the observed time series using Harvey's (1985Harvey's ( , 1989) structural time series model. A model relating these components is estimated, producing results which show that both prices and real wages are procyclical. 
Using Dashboard for Lean Revenue Cycle Management. Lean methodologies are increasingly deployed by healthcare providers to improve billing and collection process in revenue cycle management. Measurement on key performance metrics generates large amount of data. Traditional tabular and spreadsheet form analytics are not efficient to support enterprise scale lean improvement sustainability. This report introduces a new breed of visual dashboard technology and its value as emerging differentiator from traditional business intelligence, especially in the rapid deployment and usability perspective. We present an exemplary case of using QlikView dashboard for lean revenue cycle management. Initial evaluation result is promising and indicates the dashboard empowers end users with intuitive and interactive experience, ad-hoc questions and answers. Integrating performance dashboard with enterprise data governance, predictive modeling will be evaluated further in future study. 
Size-dependent colouration in larvae of Orgyia antiqua (Lepidoptera: Lymantriidae): A trade-off between warning effect and detectability?. While the study of colour patterns is a traditional subject of evolutionary ecology, there are various hypotheses which suffer from a lack of experimental evidence. One intriguing possibility is a trade-off between warning efficiency and detectability. After a certain size threshold, the detrimental effect of increased detectability can outweigh the benefits of warning colouration. One may thus expect corresponding patterns at the level of ontogenetic development: as juveniles grow, they should first acquire warning colouration, and then lose it again. We analysed this possibility in Orgyia antiqua, a moth species with hairy larvae which are polyphenic with respect to the intensity of warning colouration. We detected a regular change in colour patterns through larval life. Indeed, the larvae tend to display warning colouration at intermediate sizes while dull colours dominate in fully grown larvae. In aviary experiments, we confirmed that the colourful phenotype is the one that causes the strongest aversion in birds. Nevertheless, the effect was rather weak and most of the larvae were still eventually consumed when found. Unexpectedly, for human subjects, the warningly coloured larvae were harder, and not easier to find among natural vegetation, most likely due to the disruptive effect of the aposematic colour pattern. Importantly, the trend was reversed in the largest size class, suggesting that the disruptive colouration loses its advantage as the larva grows. This is consistent with the actual patterns of size-dependence of colouration. We present evidence against an alternative explanation which relates size-related change in colouration to behavioural changes prior to pupation. We conclude that even if the efficiency of the warning effect plays a role in determining the size-dependence of colouration, the pattern may be largely explained by the effects of size-dependent detectability alone. 
Research on PPP Mode in Ecological Governance in China. The research explores the cause of the inefficiency of the traditional ecological management model by analyzing the fragmentation of internal governance structure and the marginalization of external governance subjects. Then, on the basis of the core concept of PPP model, taking the current new normal economy into consideration, the research analyzes the necessity and feasibility of introducing the PPP model in the field of ecological governance in china. Finally, the implementation path of the ecological management PPP model is discussed in three aspects-the promotion for the implementation of the PPP project, risk management in PPP project and performance evaluation of PPP project. 
Economies Editorial Editorial Statement and Research Ideas for Efficiency and Anomalies in Stock Markets. The Efficient Market Hypothesis states that it is impossible for an investor to outperform the market because all available information is already built into stock prices. However, some anomalies could persist in stock markets while some other anomalies could appear, disappear and re-appear again without any warning. To explore new theories with applications in this direction, in this editorial, we suggest ideas to authors on what types of papers we will accept for publication in the areas of on Efficiency and Anomalies in Stock Markets. We will discuss some papers published in the special issue of Efficiency and Anomalies in Stock Markets. 
Evaluation of Developed Low-Grade Reservoir by Cash Flow Economic Evaluation Method. There is no united method to evaluate developed low-grade reservoir. Cash flow economic evaluation method is widely used in China and other countries. Cash flow method contains three different economic evaluation methods, they are VP, IRR and investment recovery period methods. In this report, we evaluate a developed low-permeability sandstone reservoir and a developed middle-high permeability complex fault block sandstone reservoir with the cash flow economic evaluation method. We get the evaluation standard charts of the developed low grade big reservior, developed fault block reservior with middle-high permeability, developed fault block reservior with low permeability and heavy oil thermal recovery reservior. This new cash flow method lays theoretical foundations for evaluation of developed low-grade reservoir and other kinds of reservoirs. 
CSR Actions and Financial Distress: Do Firms Change Their CSR Behavior When Signals of Financial Distress Are Identified?. Many studies have focused on the relation between financial and economic performance of firms and their actions on corporate social responsibility (CSR). However, few of them analyze CSR actions of firms facing decline. The purpose of this report is to analyze if a recognized situation of financial distress has an impact on CSR strategies and modifies the attitude of a set of firms towards responsible behavior. We use CSR information of healthy and distressed US firms, during the years 2001-2007, to evidence feasible changes in CSR attitudes induced by distress position. The results show that healthy firms present changes in all the year windows analyzed while distressed firms tend to increase their concern valuation or reduce their strength valuation one year after identifying the symptoms of economic and financial weaknesses. However, these differences do not occur in all the dimensions of CSR, when considered separately. 
Retail Brand Equity: Measurements through Brand Policy and Store Formats. This research extends findings on the retail brand equity in measuring the impact of its antecedents on the loyalty to the brand and to the store. This article raises questions about the sustainable created value by standard retail brands mostly oriented to functional components. The retail branding policy and store formats moderate results. This research adopts a PLS-Path modeling to test the retail brand equity model and its variations and then to provide a synthetic calculation of the retail brand equity. Results show that the standard retail brand equity leads to the loyalty to the brand and to the store. It varies according to: 1) the store brand policy (store's own-named) appears to be a winning option maximizing the loyalty; 2) the "popular store" format-combining supermarket and department store-reinforces the sustainable relationship with customers because of the high level of service. By calculating scores, Carrefour brand maximizes the relationships within the model. This work focuses on French standard retail brands excluding other retail brands (such as generics or premium). Results also focus on one product category. The retailer's positioning variable extends previous contributions leading to more consistent results. This research is also focused on the antecedents of retail brand equity too less studied: Benefits (received from their consumption) and the packaging of the branded product are thus integrated. Hence, perspectives for practitioners are suggested. 
Employment Opportunities and Population Agglomeration: A Study Based on a Sub-Industry Perspective. This report uses the data of prefecture-level and above cities to establish a model to study the impact of employment opportunities on population agglomeration. It is found as follows: First, on the whole, employment opportunities have a significant impact on population agglomeration. Sub-industry, industrial and modern services Employment have a significant positive impact on population agglomeration, and the impact of employment in traditional services is not significant. Secondly, the impact of employment on population agglomeration is decreasing after 2012. The impact of industrial employment on population agglomeration has become insignificant. The impact of modern service industry employment on population agglomeration is still significant, but its influence is gradually decreasing. Finally, from other variables, the initial population density, infrastructure level and medical level are positively correlated with population agglomeration, and the level of economic development is negatively correlated with population agglomeration. 
An ICT Integration Approach on Malagasy Agriculture: The Case of Vanilla Production. The cultivation of vanilla is one of the economic pillars of Madagascar. Yet, since its liberalization in 1995, this sector has experienced recurrent production instability. In an attempt to enhance the production performance in this sector, this article will try to study the causes of this production instability, and propose a sustainable alternative to the vanilla production in Madagascar. Indeed, during this research, the empirical research analysis revealed on the one hand a poor communication management of the vanilla sector in the spread of timely information and an annual passage of tropical cyclones. Besides, the literature review suggests that one alternative could be introduced through the integration of new technologies such as ICT. 
Strategic Partnership and Equity Alliances in the Function of Crisis Prevention and Elimination Open Access. Crisis management comprises planning, organizing, directing and monitoring companies experiencing difficulties that directly endanger their existence and further development and its purpose is to stop negative trends by achieving a drastic change and providing the foundation for redevelopment. The short-term measures of crisis management that put an end to negative movements (survival) in the first phase, must be followed in the second phase by middle-or long-term measures of ensuring development that are mostly connected to revolutionary changes. In regard to a corporation's situation from its endangerment or the prospects point of view, restructuring as a method of revolutionary changes can have the different roles in crisis solving, crisis prevention, accelerated development of a corporation, insolvency procedures and business and equity alliances. For many companies or even industries, the inclusion into a strategic partnership at a certain level of development is not only a strategic possibility and opportunity, but also a business necessity, as this is the only way to preserve a competitive market position and prevent the occurrence of acute crisis in the future. On the other hand, it is also possible to heal a company crisis with strategic connections and equity alliances; whereby available assets and partner companies' capabilities are also included into the healing process, which is also in search of synergy effects. Based on the theoretical discussion and empirical findings from the author's research, two statements that were set forth in advance were confirmed. Strategic partnerships and equity alliances are often in the function of crisis prevention and management and they are inseparably connected with revolutionary changes, as positive effects cannot be achieved otherwise. 
Systemic Risks of Climate Events and Households' Participation in Mariculture Mutual Insurance: A Case Study of Shrimp Producers in Zhejiang Province. Mariculture is playing an important role in food safety, acting as strong complement to marine fishery. As a typical capital intensive and high-risk sector, mariculture mutual insurance is important for ensuring the stability and sustainability of mariculture due to the inertia of private insurance, it is necessary to examine factors for low household participation in marine fishery mutual insurance to promote the healthy development of marine insurance. Based on the field surveyed data of mariculture shrimp producers in Zhejiang Province, this analysis aims to examine the determinants underlying households' participation in mariculture mutual insurance. Based on logistic model, we find out that climate risks, environmental risks and technical risks have seriously hindered the development of food security and fisheries in Zhejiang Province. In addition, farmers' insurance involvement mainly depends on the individual characteristics of the farmers: whether used to go out to work, perception of burden level of premium and insurance awareness; family characteristics of fish farmers: total household income, and unpaid loan; and production characteristics: professional level, mariculture area and whether sea waters registration. Meanwhile, external factors, including organizations available for insurance participation, impact of national insurance subsidies, policy support and disasters on the aquaculture area. Corresponding risk management measures are urgently needed for the sustainable development of mariculture. 
Differences in Colorectal Cancer Outcomes by Race and Insurance. Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the second most common cancer among African American women and the third most common cancer for African American men. The mortality rate from CRC is highest among African Americans compared to any other racial or ethnic group. Much of the disparity in mortality is likely due to diagnosis at later stages of the disease, which could result from unequal access to screening. The purpose of this analysis is to determine the impact of race and insurance status on CRC outcomes among CRC patients. Data were drawn from the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results database. Logistic regressions models were used to examine the odds of receiving treatment after adjusting for insurance, race, and other variables. Cox proportional hazard models were used to measure the risk of CRC death after adjusting for sociodemographic and tumor characteristics when associating race and insurance with CRC-related death. Blacks were diagnosed at more advanced stages of disease than whites and had an increased risk of death from both colon and rectal cancers. Lacking insurance was associated with an increase in CRC related-deaths. Findings from this analysis could help profile and target patients with the greatest disparities in CRC health outcomes. 
Risk and Financial Management Review From Big Data to Econophysics and Its Use to Explain Complex Phenomena. Big data has become a very frequent research topic, due to the increase in data availability. In this introductory paper, we make the linkage between the use of big data and Econophysics, a research field which uses a large amount of data and deals with complex systems. Different approaches such as power laws and complex networks are discussed, as possible frameworks to analyze complex phenomena that could be studied using Econophysics and resorting to big data. 
High Luminescence White LEDs Prepared with 2D Island-Pattern of Quantum Dots Dispersed Photopolymer Films. Since the reabsorption loss among different size quantum dots (QDs) is a critical issue in the QD based white LEDs, we proposed and fabricated new film structure of 2D island-patterns consisting of separate green and red QDs dispersed photopolymer patterns in a zigzag form. A small air-gap such as 60 m between QD islands helps to control the optical path at the interface to reduce the lateral reabsorption loss to enhance the optical efficiency of white LED. The 2D island-patterns of QD phosphor film were fabricated using a UV imprinting process and compared the optical efficiency with the other QD film structure prepared with same QD concentrations and thicknesses such as a mixed and separately layered QD structure. Experimental and simulation analysis were performed to confirm the better optical efficiency from the 2D island-patterns of QD films due to the reduced reabsorption loss. High luminescence white LED was finally realized with 2D island-patterns of QD film, resulting in a luminous efficiency of 62. 2 lm/W and CRI of 83 with CCT of 4537 K at the operation current of 60 mA. 
Adaptive Large Neighborhood Search to Solve Multi-Level Scheduling and Assignment Problems in Broiler Farms. This research aimed to present a solution to the problem of production scheduling and assignment in broiler farms, which thus enabled the farms to achieve maximum profit. In the operation of farms, there are many factors that affect profits, such as the number of broilers being consistent with the demand of production plants, including profits from the sales and transportation costs. Therefore, we formulated a mathematical model and tested it while using three problem groups through the Lingo v. 11 program. The results indicated that this mathematical model could find a suitable solution. However, finding the best solution had time constraints, which resulted in various other problems that prevented a search for an optimal solution due to time consumption exceeding 72 h. We developed an algorithm using the Adaptive Large Neighborhood Search (ALNS) method in order to find another possible solution using a shorter time period, which consisted of ALNS1, ALNS2, and ALNS3. These algorithms are based on a combination of the method of destruction solutions and methods accepting different solutions. We aimed to effectively solve the problems and ensure that they are appropriate for the case study, a broiler farm in Buriram. When comparing the algorithm efficiency with the Lingo v. 11 program, it was found that the ALNS1 algorithm was the most suitable for finding the optimal solution in the shortest time, which resulted in a 5. 74% increase in operating profits. 
Does a Least-Preferred Candidate Win a Seat? A Comparison of Three Electoral Systems. In this report, the differences between two variations of proportional representation (PR), open-list PR and closed-list PR, are analyzed in terms of their ability to accurately reflect voter preference. The single nontransferable vote (SNTV) is also included in the comparison as a benchmark. We construct a model of voting equilibria with a candidate who is least preferred by voters in the sense that replacing the least-preferred candidate in the set of winners with any loser is Pareto improving, and our focus is on whether the least-preferred candidate wins under each electoral system. We demonstrate that the least-preferred candidate never wins under the SNTV, but can win under open-list PR, although this is less likely than winning under closed-list PR. 
Price-Setting Mixed Duopoly Models with Complementary Goods. This report considers domestic (resp. international) Bertrand mixed duopoly competition in which a stateowned welfare-maximizing public firm and a domestic (resp. foreign) profit-maximizing private firm produce complementary goods. The main purpose of the paper is to present and to compare the equilibrium outcomes of the two mixed duopoly models. 
Hybrid Decision Models in Non-Proportional Reinsurance. Over the past years, risk measurement and therewith risk measures became more and more important in economics. While in the past risk measures were already adopted at the deposit of credit and shareholders equity, the approach now generates two hybrid decision models and applies them to the reinsurance business. The two introduced models implement a convex combination of risk measures and with it provide the possibility of modelling risk attitudes. By doing that, for the two hybrid decision models on the one hand can be shown, which risk attitude leads to the acceptance of a reinsurance contract and on the other hand, a deductible of which height an insurer is willing to undertake. Hence the possibility exists to identify the risk attitude of an insurer. In return, due to the knowledge of risk attitudes, under similar conditions the possibility arises to establish recommendations about the extent of the deductible at reinsurance contracts. 
Technology-driven change has generated new, even revolutionary business models, characterized by high levels of user participation. In the finance field, business models based on crowdfunding have seen significant growth and entered use as an alternative means of extending access and gaining financing for various types of projects. Nonetheless, current crowdfunding practices have been subject to criticism for issues such as information asymmetry, lack of trust and transaction costs, spurring discussion of how to develop and improve these practices. One way of speaking to the criticism has been a suggestion that platforms could be owned by the ones who use them. While the associated way of thinking, referred to as platform co-operativism, has seen some inroads in practice, its novel and practical nature means that a clear knowledge gap remains with regard to its potential for dealing with challenges of platform economy. Consequently, the aim of this analysis is to examine the relevance and potential of the co-operative company form for crowdfunding arrangements. Our conceptual study utilizes existing research on co-operatives and considers features of crowdfunding from three different perspectives: asymmetry of information and of trust, interaction frequency and homogeneity of interests. As a result, we provide three taxonomies for outlining future research on co-operative platforms. 
Prosumption and Web 2. 0 Challenges Faced by African Countries Users. In recent years worldwide boundaries have been redefined, thanks to internet and technologies which facilitate increasingly the interaction between virtual friends and socials networking users. Consumers as well as producers in both developed and developing countries share information, pictures and videos via the Web 2. 0 tools available on electronic devices and Internet websites. However due to several obstacles, activities such as co-creations, digital collaboration and others socials networking can be limited for some users. Thus this article discussed various factors that limit developing countries' prosumers interactivity in the age of Web 2. 0 technology. The factors influencing numbers of users' collaboration can be individual, organizational, technological and/ or environmental factors. 
Analysing stock market data-Market sentiment approach and its measures. This report states that market sentiments are central to any financial data analysis. A vivid distinction is made between studying financial data in terms of the concept of volatility and in rapport to analysing financial data in terms of market sentiments. The former is an existing approach that is extensively used and the latter is a proposed tactic. Methods of devising constructs for defining relative and absolute market sentiments are also discussed. Patterns of market sentiments in terms of the model parameters are discussed and a few new measures that capture the hypothesized market sentiments are proposed. As an application of the proposed line of approach, this analysis analyses weekly market sentiments that govern Domestic Company Indices of Botswana Stock Exchange. 
An Intertextual Approach to Translation at the Micro-Level. In current work on semiotic theory, Kristeva is the first to use the concept of intertextuality to refer to the existence of prior discourse as a precondition for the act of signifying, almost regardless of the semantic context of a given text. Introducing the notion of intertextuality into translation studies is of vital importance. In many cases, the connotative meaning and the overall intention of the author is detected in the process of referring to other closely related texts. Only when the translator is appreciative of such intertextual inferences can he/she fully understand the intended meaning of a given text and then produce a good translated version. This report discusses the influence of intertextuality on translation at the micro-level by analyzing some intertextual references in literary works and proposes several translation strategies. 
Is the Asset Transfer of Public Leisure Facilities in England an Example of Associative Democracy?. In England, public sports facilities and libraries provided by local government are being transferred to management and delivery by volunteers. The catalyst for this development has been reductions in local government budgets. However, case studies explore if this asset transfer "offers a way of restoring the ideal of committed public service in the face of widespread bureaucratic failure and retreat", as a form of associative democracy and empowerment of both the volunteers and those for whom the services are provided. 
Pitfalls during in silico prediction of primer specificity for eDNA surveillance. 2020. Pitfalls during in silico prediction of primer specificity for eDNA surveillance. Ecosphere 11(7):
Use of Antipsychotics: A Study from the French National Insurance Healthcare System Database. A marked increase in antipsychotic prescriptions has been observed in most countries since the introduction of second-generation antipsychotics. Misuse could partly explain this rise. We described the use of antipsychotic medication in France. This retrospective analysis was conducted on the sample "Echantillon generaliste de beneficiaries" from the French National Insurance Healthcare System. All reimbursements for antipsychotic medications in 2010 were identified. Antipsychotics use was described in terms of patient's profiles and condition of use. In 2010, we identified 11,729 single patients with at least one reimbursement for antipsychotic medication (2. 23% of French health insurance beneficiaries). The mean age in the population was 54 (sd 20) years. Forty-one percent had declared psychiatric disorder and 15% had a psychiatric follow-up for unknown diseases. Schizophrenia, others psychosis and personality disorders were the three main diagnoses of psychiatric disease. Patients without declared psychiatric disorders and without psychiatric follow-up accounted for 23% (aged between 15 and 65) and 20% (aged 65 years and over) of the population using antipsychotics. Forty-five percent of patients aged between 15 and 65 had more than 3 months of treatment refunded. Patients aged 65 years and over were 69% without dementia and 47% had more than three months of treatment of antipsychotics refunded during the year. These results suggested that antipsychotic treatments were used in France at long term in particular for patients without declared psychiatric disorder or psychiatric follow-up. G. Desamericq et al. 412. 
Health-related quality of life, work productivity and costs related to patients with inflammatory bowel disease in Austria Health-related quality of life, work productivity and costs related to patients with inflammatory bowel disease in Austria. Objective: Inflammatory-Bowel-Disease (IBD) is a lifelong illness with significant impact on health-related quality of life (HRQoL). The disease-burden causes work productivity impairment, such as sick-leave and restriction of leisure time activities. From a societal perspective, productivity loss often contributes significantly to the total costs. The aim of the study is to analyze the impact of disease-burden on work productivity, daily activities, and HRQoL. Methods: We performed a survey among Austrian patients with IBD to assess general questions about demography and disease pattern, impaired work productivity and reduced daily activities using the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment questionnaire and HRQoL utilizing the Short Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire (SIBDQ). Associations were assessed employing linear regressions. The questionnaire was circulated by the Austrian Crohn's Disease/Ulcerative Colitis Association. Results: In total, 510 patients with median age of 40 years completed the questionnaire. Patients had a median disease-duration of 9 years, 46% were treated with biologics and 64% were employed. The median SIBDQ score was 45 (16-69). Patients in self-assessed remission (n 1/4 319) and relapse (n 1/4 96) differed by 18 points on the SIBDQ score (p value < 0. 0001). Mean work productivity reduction amounted to 7 h 17 min (95% CI 6:05-8:29) during the last 7 days. Work absenteeism accounted for 4 h 28 min (95% CI 3:25-5:31) and reduced productivity at the workplace (presenteeism) for 2 h 49 min (95% CI 2:31-3:07). During a relapse, 12 h 9 min were lost (p value < 0. 0001). Productivity reduction correlated with HRQoL (r 1/4 0. 3964). In total, 143 eper patient per week (95% CI 119-167) were lost (7,411 eper year). On average, patients lost 4 h (95% CI 3:44-4:16) of unpaid daily activities; 3 h 17 min the employed subgroup and 5 h 19 min the not employed. Conclusion: IBD leads to a substantial burden of disease, which is associated with indirect costs for society related to work ability reduction. HRQoL significantly influences loss of work productivity. Improving HRQoL should be a key factor to reduce disease burden and societal costs. 
Disruptive innovation in media industry ecosystem and need for improving managerial cognitive capabilities in polymediation era Disruptive innovation in media industry ecosystem and need for improving managerial cognitive capabilities in polymediation era ABOUT THE AUTHOR. Media industry ecosystem has undergone major transformations due to emergence of disruptive innovations. When industry ecosystem incumbents have dynamic organizational capability and make necessary strategic changes, they could exploit disruptive innovations. Managers' cognitive capabilities, dynamic organizational capabilities, and strategic changes are three variables that have key relationships; therefore, this research focuses on this relation. Since dominant logic reflects the internal relation of managers' cognitive capabilities, dynamic organizational capabilities and strategic changes, in this research the relationship between two variables of disruptive innovation (DI) and dominant logic (DI) has been evaluated. IRIB organization top managers replied to questionnaire. Both types of causal and correlation relations of two variables were evaluated by PLS technique. Research findings reveal 3 indexes and 10 attributes related to DI variable and three indicators and eight attributes related to DI. This model has good fitness and reveals the necessity of improving managers' recognition of digitalization phenomenon as disruptive innovation and undertaking new dominant logic and related strategic actions. Organizations lack the power of exploiting disruptive innovation if they don't improve managers' recognition of digitalization phenomenon, not create dynamic organizational capabilities and not welcome strategic changes. 
The Monitoring Role of Financial Analysts: An Interna-tional Evidence. This analysis investigates whether high analyst coverage improves the quality of reported accounting numbers. Using conservatism in financial reporting as a proxy for the quality of reported earnings, we find evidence that analysts' activities are not positively associated with accounting conservatism. The findings indicate that firms choose less conservative accounting methods when they are covered by more analysts. They are consistent with the notion that analysts' activities do not substitute for other corporate governance mechanisms. 
Strategy Research on Computer Technology Applied in Economic Management of Enterprise. With continuous improvement of science and technology, computer technology has had an increasingly profound effect on economic management of enterprise, and it is increasingly important how to make the best of computer technology to improve the quality of economic management of enterprise. This report briefly states the influence of computer technology on economic management of enterprise and application strategy of computer technology in economic management of enterprise. 
Chimerism and population dieback alter genetic inference related to invasion pathways and connectivity of biofouling populations on artificial substrata. Disentangling pathways by which nonindigenous species expand and spread regionally remains challenging. Molecular ecology tools are often employed to determine the origins and spread of introduced species, but the complexities of some organisms may be reducing the efficacy of these tools. Some colonial species exhibit complexities by way of chimerism and winter colony regression, which may alter the genetic diversity of populations and mask the connectivity occurring among them. This analysis uses nuclear microsatellite data and simple GIS-based modeling to investigate the influence of chimerism and winter regression on the genetic diversity and patterns of genetic population connectivity among colonies of Didemnum vexillum on artificial substrates. Colonies sampled in summer were shown to form a metapopulation, with high levels of admixture, extreme outcrossing, and some substructure. These patterns were consistent within the subsampled winter colonies and with the inclusion of chimeric data. However, allelic richness and diversity were significantly different between winter and summer samples, altering interpretations relating to population connectivity and pelagic larval duration. This analysis demonstrates the importance of including seasonal sampling and imperative life history traits in genetic studies for clear interpretations and the successful management of introduced species. 
Packaging Design for a Sustainable Community Business. The growth of the creative community cannot be quantitatively and qualitatively separated from the growing development of Creative Industry 4. 0. Various creative communities produce a variety of creative products that are ready to be sold. Unfortunately, the focus of the community is often only on the product and not on the packaging design. Meanwhile, a product's packaging not only serves to protect the product but also to promote it and encourage purchase. The purpose of this research is to educate and help the community obtain packaging designs that are not only unique but also suitable for their products. By involving Packaging Design course students of the Visual Communication Design department, we attempted to assist a jewellery and accessories-making community as our research object. Students first attempted to deepen their clients' insights by conducting observations and in-depth interviews. In designing the packaging, they consulted with their tutors intensively. The packaging design that the students produced undergoes a selection process, which resulted in four packaging designs that were deemed fit for use. Two of the selected designs were registered to obtain IPRs in the Industrial Design category. Through this research, it is hoped that the packaging design produced by these students can be used to support the sale of community products. In addition to that, they can also be used to inspire other communities to acknowledge the role of packaging design as a means that can help the sustainability of their business. 
Kalai-Smorodinsky Bargaining Solution and Alternating Offers Game. This article presents an alternating offers game that supports a Kalai-Smorodinsky bargaining solution (KSS). It is well known that a solution to an alternating offers game has a breakdown point equivalent to a status quo that converges to its Nash bargaining solution because the probability of breakdown becomes negligible, whereas we show that a KSS is obtained if a breakdown gives everything to the player who rejects. The former option, which is adopted by many application papers may be suitable for ex ante production. However, the latter option should be more appropriate for ex post production, because players do not need to be concerned with cooperation. 
Risk and Financial Management Exploring Compliance of AAOIFI Shariah Standard on Ijarah Financing: Analysis on the Practices of Islamic Banks in Malaysia. This report aims to explore whether the practices of Ijarah financing by Islamic banks in Malaysia are in line with the Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) Shariah Standard No: (9) on Ijarah financing. Semi-structured interviews based on open-ended questionnaires were conducted, recorded verbatim, and transcribed for content analysis. 
Work and Income Sharing in a Rural Economy: Effect on Economic Growth and Welfare. An endogenous growth model is developed to explore the effect of work and income sharing (WIS) on economic growth and welfare in a developing rural economy. The practice of WIS is a mechanism which converts incremental diversity of risk into volatility reduction and overall welfare gain. However, the effect on economic growth is sector specific. WIS in the intermediate goods sector has a pro-growth effect through higher investment returns while in the agricultural sector it has an anti-growth effect through lower precautionary savings. WIS also decreases the level of regional government subsidies needed to achieve the optimal growth rate. 
Growth and Volatility: An Analysis for the Brazilian Economy. This report aims to analyze if there is a relationship between economic growth and the volatility of that growth in the Brazilian economy, and, if it exists, to infer if that relationship is positive or negative, since the literature shows evidence for both cases. For that purpose, the econometric strategy used is that of a Generalized Autoregressive Conditional Heteroskedasticity in Mean (GARCH-M) model, using economic growth data compiled by the Central Bank of Brazil, for the period of 1995-2018. The results corroborate the findings of the empirical literature, suggesting a negative relationship between economic growth and its volatility; that is, the hypothesis of the irreversibility of investments prevails. Therefore, the tradeoff between short-term stability and long-term growth for the Brazilian economy in the analyzed period does not seem to occur. 
Research on the Influence of Managers' Self-Serving Attributive Behavior on Enterprise Investment Efficiency. Corporate investment behavior has always been a matter of great concern. It is the main force for corporate growth and basis for future cash flow growth. Investment will directly affect the profitability and operational risks of enterprises, and will also affect financing and dividend distribution and series of corporate financial policies. However, there is always a large number of under-investment or over-investment behavior in enterprises in reality, which is also called the non-efficiency investment by enterprises. In addition to macro factors, the behavior and psychological deviation of manager also has an impact on corporate investment behavior. From the perspective of behavioral finance, this report draws on the phenomenon of psychological deviation of people's overconfidence in psychology, and measures the overconfidence of managers in 2015-2017. The impact of behavior on corporate investment efficiency attempts to provide theoretical explanations and empirical evidence for the phenomenon of non-efficiency investment. 
A Fixed Point Theorem and an Application to Bellman Operators. This analysis introduces a new definition of a metric that corresponds with the topology of uniform convergence on any compact set, and shows both the existence of a unique fixed point of some operator by using this metric and that the iteration of such an operator results in convergence to this fixed point. We demonstrate that this result can be applied to Bellman operators in many situations involving economic dynamics. 
Mugge (2014b). 6 Howarth and Quaglia. This report argues that the Big Four accountancy firms-PricewaterhouseCoopers, Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG-operate as key political allies of the financial sector within financial regulatory battles. Leveraging the theoretical notion of "actor plurality" within the policymaking process, I demonstrate how, in the case of the European Union Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) initiative, accountancy professionals offered crucial support for the financial sector. They did so by disseminating key oppositional claims against the FTT proposal, developing tax mitigation and relocation strategies, preparing negative impact assessments, and advising on lobbying tactics. This allied stance of the Big Four is primarily a consequence of the ways in which their commercial priorities have been fundamentally transformed by the provision of consultancy services within the modern global economy. Moreover, the paper shows how accountancy experts are deeply embedded within a network of professional relationships that fosters substantive policy alignment between the Big Four and prominent financial lobbying groups. By highlighting the overlooked role of the major accountancy firms within post crisis regulatory reform, the study illuminates the unequal power relations that permeate financialized societies and contributes to a deeper understanding of how financial preferences continue to prevail within the policymaking process. 
Integrating Teaching and Learning with Inter- Disciplinary Action Research in Support of Climate Resilient Urban Development. The capital cities of the South Pacific are experiencing rapid urbanisation pressures as increasing numbers of people migrate to the primary cities either in search of employment and greater access to healthcare and education, or as a consequence of environmental 'push' factors. However, the limited capacity of municipal Governments to respond to the scale and pace of change is leading to a growth of informal settlements in peri-urban locations. Factors of exposure, sensitivity, and adaptive capacity combine to make these informal settlements the most vulnerable areas to natural hazards. In response to this critical urban resilience agenda, this report looks at how participatory action research is providing inter-disciplinary scientific support for the implementation of urban resilience and climate actions in Honiara, Solomon Islands. Adaptation measures involve a combination of hard and soft actions; as well as activities designed to strengthen local capacity to respond to contemporary resilience challenges. Addressing the adaptive capacity component, this report also highlights the opportunities for Australian universities to integrate teaching and learning with action research to achieve a substantive real-world impact in the Pacific region, as well as illustrating the capacity strengthening benefits that can be achieved through sustained engagement and collaborative partnerships with local organisations. 
Factors Influencing Employee Retention in the Transport and Logistics Industry. Employee Retention is a process in which employees are encouraged to remain within an organization for the maximum period or until the completion of a project. Successful organizations need to do more than just hire the right people but retain the right people for the job. Failure to retain employees results in the loss of knowledge, experience, customer relations and technical skills which are taken to another organization. The aim of this analysis was to identify some of the major factors that affect employee retention in the transport and logistics industry servicing one of the largest mines in Africa, based in one of Zambia's rural areas, Solwezi. The objectives of this analysis were to identify the major factors influencing employee retention in the transport and logistics industry, to develop a framework based on a Causal Model and recommend possible solutions that could lead to improvements in employee retention. The study used a mixed methods approach comprised of the quantitative and qualitative methods. The computed sample from the population was 171 but only 144 respondents successfully participated in the study. Quantitative data was analysed using the statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS). Content analysis was also used to analyze data from the interviews with the key respondents. The findings established that retention was affected by job satisfaction, organizational commitment and workplace structures. However, individual characteristics did not have a significant influence on employee retention. From the findings, it was recommended that strategies aimed at improving the workplace structures, job satisfaction and organizational commitment be implemented to promote job security and career development, which were cited as some of the major factors influencing employee retention. 
Determinants of livelihood strategies of fishing households in the volta Basin, Ghana. The main objective of this analysis is to identify livelihood strategies of fishing households in response to prevalent vulnerabilities they face within the Volta Basin. Questionnaires were administered to fishery households in the Basin using the multistage sampling technique. A non-hierarchical k-means cluster analysis partitioned the households into four livelihood strategies on which the multinomial logit regression was performed. These four identified strategies are fishery only, fishery and farming, fishery and non-farm, and fishery, non-farming and farming. The results from the multinomial logit regression revealed that marital status of head of household, number of months of food shortage experienced by a household per year, access to credit, access to extension services, distance to regular markets and district capital as well as experience in fishery were the major determinants of livelihood strategies. Implications for policy include the need for public extension services and training to invigorate fishery households' income. As majority of the fishery households combined fishing and non-fishing strategies, livelihood intervention programmes should prioritize improvement of the non-fishing activities and lead to opening other opportunities for rural development. This will take pressure off the fish stock by facilitating the regeneration of fish stock. 
Predictors of Hands-On Learning: Students' Problem Approach Attitude, Problem Solving Confidence, and Problem Solving Style Relevant to Parental Monitoring. Helicopter parents prevail in this current society, their monitoring practice was assumed to take their children away from many hands-on engagements and affect children's problem solving skills. Accordingly, this analysis conducted a questionnaire survey to those vocational high school students who had ever experienced project making, and there were 456 effective questionnaires collected for confirmatory factor analysis and structural equation modeling. The results showed that: 1) parental monitoring was negatively correlated to problem solving confidence, problem solving style, and problem approaching attitude. 2) Students' problem solving confidence, problem solving style, and problem approach attitude were positively associated with hands-on learning attitude. The results implied that parents ought to give children more opportunities to behave themselves, so children would have higher foci of hands-on practice which special needed in vocational high school. 
Relationship between Family Care and Public Care Services for the Elderly. Japan has been experiencing significant changes in its demographics. This analysis examines the effects of public care services and in doing so, aims to show that it is possible to improve overall welfare level by substituting family care with public care services, particularly when family care and public care services are interchangeable. In addition, we show that instead of reducing family care to zero, further expanding public care services can help achieve welfare optimization. 
Transparency and Reliability in Finan-cial Statement: Do They Exist? Evidence from Malaysia. Purpose: The purpose of this research is to investigate the existence of reliability and transparency in the financial statement, for the benefit of investors and analysts. The scope of the study is to find the relationship of accounting standards, corporate governance, external controls, internal controls, and ethical practices with the financial statements, based on the auditors and management views in Malaysia. Methodology: 52 out of 60 questionnaires were taken from audit firms and management firms to test the visibility of transparency and reliability in financial statements. The qualitative data were also analyzed to understand the financial statements further. Findings: According to the data, the existence of transparency and reliability in financial statements was related with accounting standards, ethical practices, internal controls, external controls, and corporate governance. This finding was supported by many tests through SPSS statistic software. Research Limitations/Implications: The implication that first occurred was the intention of auditors and management in hiding the truths behind transparency and reliability of financial statements. Commonly, audit fees and audit sizes are the main truths that are hidden by the auditors. Practical Limitations: The implications of this were the value of transparency and reliability of financial statements hidden from the investors and its capabilities in restoring those into the financial statement. Originality/Value: The results were put through a quantitative approach. Also, additional qualitative analysis was gathered to attain extra knowledge in the transparency. While the rest of the paper is original, previous authors were also discussed for their theories and hypotheses. 
Mathematics On History of Mathematical Economics: Application of Fractional Calculus. Modern economics was born in the Marginal revolution and the Keynesian revolution. These revolutions led to the emergence of fundamental concepts and methods in economic theory, which allow the use of differential and integral calculus to describe economic phenomena, effects, and processes. At the present moment the new revolution, which can be called "Memory revolution", is actually taking place in modern economics. This revolution is intended to "cure amnesia" of modern economic theory, which is caused by the use of differential and integral operators of integer orders. In economics, the description of economic processes should take into account that the behavior of economic agents may depend on the history of previous changes in economy. The main mathematical tool designed to "cure amnesia" in economics is fractional calculus that is a theory of integrals, derivatives, sums, and differences of non-integer orders. This report contains a brief review of the history of applications of fractional calculus in modern mathematical economics and economic theory. The first stage of the Memory Revolution in economics is associated with the works published in 1966 and 1980 by Clive W. J. Granger, who received the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 2003. We divide the history of the application of fractional calculus in economics into the following five stages of development (approaches): ARFIMA; fractional Brownian motion; econophysics; deterministic chaos; mathematical economics. The modern stage (mathematical economics) of the Memory revolution is intended to include in the modern economic theory new economic concepts and notions that allow us to take into account the presence of memory in economic processes. The current stage actually absorbs the Granger approach based on ARFIMA models that used only the Granger-Joyeux-Hosking fractional differencing and integrating, which really are the well-known Grunwald-Letnikov fractional differences. The modern stage can also absorb other approaches by formulation of new economic notions, concepts, effects, phenomena, and principles. Some comments on possible future directions for development of the fractional mathematical economics are proposed. 
The Relationship among Cost-Reducing R&D Investment, Occupational Choice, and Trade. In this report, I construct a two-country model in which oligopolistic firms export goods and undertake cost-reducing R&D investment. In this model, abilities of individual to become skilled worker are heterogeneous and they choose to become skilled worker or unskilled worker. Individuals have to incur the cost of education in order to become skilled workers. Each country imposes tariffs. When the cost of education is sufficiently high, a decrease in the tariff rate decreases the level of R&D investment. However, when the cost of education is sufficiently small, a decrease in the tariff rate increases the level of R&D investment. 
Drivers of Old-Age Dependence and Long-Term Care Usage in Switzerland-A Structural Equation Model Approach. Long-term care (LTC) encompasses a set of services provided to impaired and dependent elderly people. To assess the level of the dependence several scales are used, including activities of daily living (ADL), instrumental ADL (IADL) and functional limitations. Once an elderly person fails to perform these activities independently, he or she requires special assistance. Help can be provided as informal care by relatives and as formal care by professionals. The aim of this research is to study individual characteristics that relate to the demand of LTC and to analyze the relation between formal and informal care. We base our study on data from the Swiss Health Survey focusing on respondents aged over 65 years. Using the structural equation modeling technique, we develop a statistical model that considers the dependence concept as a latent variable. This hidden dependence variable combines three indices linked to the limitations in ADL, in IADL and functional limitations. Accounting for causality links between covariates enables us to include the indirect effect of pathologies on the receipt of LTC mediated via dependence. In our model, we do not assume a causal relationship between formal and informal care. From our results, we observe a significant impact of pathologies as well as of the socio-demographic factors on the demand for LTC. The relationship between formal and informal care is found to be of both a complementary and substitutional nature. Risks 2019, 7, 92 2 of 20. 
Empowering the Poor towards Sustainable Development-A Case Study of Self-Help Group Approach in Somaliland. The Self-Help Group Approach (SHGA) was initiated in India in 1985 as a valid concept to eradicate poverty and empower the poor to become self-reliant and energized to overcome the challenges faced. In Somaliland, the SHGA was introduced in 2013 by non-government organizations (NGOs). The approach aims at mobilizing women from disadvantaged communities to empower themselves in social, economic, and political involvement. At present, more than 23,000 women are part of this particular initiative, with the creation of more than 18,000 small businesses funded from the group's savings. This report examines how this community-led development movement contributes to achieving sustainable development and inclusive economic growth. The study used a qualitative approach, reviewed progress reports, case studies, and external reflections made from SHGA for the last five years, and interviewed direct beneficiaries in cross-checking the responses, and reports read. The findings revealed that the SHGA empowered its members socially and economically through building communities of interdependence and mutual trust that created a social safety net and supported the economic processes through loans, savings, and possible investments among the SHGA members. Finally, the study gave relevant recommendations from the macro-external factors and its internal systems on improving sustainable community-driven and owned development appliances. 
Time distributed difference-in-differences estimates of return to training PUBLIC INTEREST STATEMENT. This work is devoted to estimating the individual return to worker's professional training. The research is based on the personnel records of Russian metallurgical enterprise (2006)(2007)(2008)(2009)(2010). The main factors that distinguish this report from others are the following: (I) We focused on the internal labour market, concluding that it has common peculiarities of wage setting concerned with training as an open labour market. (II) We show that mobility-friendly training programs give high returns, and not only in transition economies. (III) We suggest controlling for mobility by choosing a corresponding control group. (IV) We use a robust new specification that is reactive to different dynamics of the dependent variable in treated and control groups in difference-in-differences estimates. (V) We compared three different kinds of training and our conclusions could have practical application. The best way to raise personal earnings is on-the-job training. The internal mobility caused by retraining courses has the same impact on workers as if they lacked retraining. The wages of workers trained in the same field grow randomly for a few months before and after training. Nevertheless it is difficult to prove the causal effect of this kind of training on wage growth. 
Risk and Financial Management Review Big Data, Computational Science, Economics, Finance, Marketing, Management, and Psychology: Connections. The paper provides a review of the literature that connects Big Data, Computational Science, Economics, Finance, Marketing, Management, and Psychology, and discusses research issues that are related to the various disciplines. Academics could develop theoretical models and subsequent econometric and statistical models to estimate the parameters in the associated models, as well as conduct simulation to examine whether the estimators in their theories on estimation and hypothesis testing have good size and high power. Thereafter, academics and practitioners could apply theory to analyse some interesting issues in the seven disciplines and cognate areas. 
A Review of Application of Affordance Theory in Information Systems. This report analyzes the status quo and tendency of the affordance theory in Information System literature, which can help us understand the relationship between technologies, users and organizations. This would pose a significant value on the related organizational changes and the use of social media. Based on the data from top journals, we reviewed 111 papers from Information Systems, Organization Studies and Management literatures on affordances according to the method of bibliometrics. From the analysis, we know that although the Information System discipline was a relatively late adopter, there is a large space to explore affordances in IS context. Based on the theoretical framework of affordances existence, perception, actualization and effects, we review the primary researches on affordances in IS discipline. In conclusion, IS scholars should focus on the affordance actualization, consider social affordances alongside technological affordances and improve our understanding of IT/IS-related organizational change and social media use in complicated social process. 
Empirical Research on Consumer Expertise and Perceived Value of Fund Investors. In Highly professional and complicated industries, the enterprises usually anticipate improving their product or service knowledge system through customer education to let consumers perceive the value and usability of products or service better. Based on retrospection into related research literature, the decision-making process of Chinese fund investors are deeply studied by taking fund investors as the research objects and keeping foothold in service-dominant logic this report. Thus, the relation among dimensions of fund investor customer expertise and perceived value is built by beginning with the customer's resource. Through study on 309 Chinese fund investors, it's found that there is positive correlation among dimensions of customer expertise and perceived value, and the robustness of regression analysis is very good. The conclusion of the research has certain guiding significance for the fund management company to provide professional training to the customers and those with different expertise level. 
Gamified Software to Support the Design of Business Innovation. Business innovation is a process that requires creativity, and benefits from extensive collaboration. Currently, computational support in creativity processes is low, but modern techniques would allow these processes to be sped up. In this context, we provide such a computational support with software for business innovation design that uses computational creativity techniques. Furthermore, the software enables a gamified process to increase user engagement and collaboration, which mimics evolutionary methods, relying on a voting mechanism. The software includes a business innovation ontology representing the domain knowledge that is used to generate and select a set of diverse preliminary representations of business ideas. Indeed, the most promising for novelty and potential impact are identified to ignite a business innovation game where team members collaborate to elaborate new innovation ideas based on those inputs until convergence to a shortlist of business model proposals. The main features of the approach are illustrated by means of a running example concerning innovative services for smart cities. 
Improved Variance Reduced Monte-Carlo Simulation of in-the-Money Options. where N is the sample size. Several approaches have been discussed to reduce the empirical variance for a given sample size. This article analyzes the joint application of the put-call-parity approach and importance sampling to variance reduced option pricing. For this purpose, we examine non-path-dependent and path-dependent options. For European options, we observe dramatic variance reduction, especially for in-the-money options. Also for arithmetic Asian options, a significant variance reduction is achieved. 
The Cultural School of Strategic Formulation (Strategy Formulation Based on Social Interactions, Beliefs and Traditions). The cultural school of strategy formulation is one of the 10 schools of thought identified by Henry Mintzberg et al. in their book Strategy Safari. The cultural school, having its roots in anthropology, focuses on social interaction based on beliefs and traditions shared by members of an enterprise. The foundation of the Cultural School is built on the idea that if you "hold power up to a mirror the reverse image you see is culture". The main points of this model as outline in literature are: decision-making style, resistance to strategic change, overcoming the resistance to strategic change, dominant values, and culture clash. Although the model is limited in its conceptual vagueness and its ability to discourage necessary change, however, the culture school assumes a rich historical approach and introduces ideas of collectivism. Culture provides an effective and durable barrier to imitation and thereby enables organizations to enjoy competitive advantages. Toyota infused their company with culture and it is a foundational part of their business model (The Toyota Way). 
The Empirical Study on the Relationship between Bank Liquidity Creation and Capital -Based on Empirical Data from 2004 to 2014 in Chinese Banks. China. This issue is interesting because of the potential impact on "credit weakness" problems from tighter capital requirements which proposed by new capital rules in China. We perform regress analysis in a simultaneous equations model on the panel data of Chinese banks, which mainly includes 28 commercial banks from 2004 to 2014. On the whole, we find very different relations for different types of bank. State-owned commercial banks do not have significant relationship between liquidity creation and capital. National shareholding commercial banks' liquidity creation and capital are positive correlation. The capital of regional commercial banks has a strongly positive effect on liquidity creation, but liquidity creation has negative impact on capital. These findings support the point that the new capital rules in China do not detrimentally influence "credit weakness" problems. 
A Brief Discussion on Legal Risks of Beijing Winter Olympics. Beijing Winter Olympics organizing committee is the risk subject. Incomplete laws and regulations, contractual risks and operational risks are the sources of legal risks, and legal risk identification, legal risk assessment and legal risk response are risk prevention and control procedures of the legal risks of Beijing Winter Olympics. On a macro level, comprehensive prevention and control in protection of laws and regulations, formulation of emergency plans, personnel training and introduction of professional legal services should be taken in. 
Are there study mode differences in perceptions of university education service quality? Evidence from Zambia. While a plethora of studies examines the relationships amongst university education service quality, customer satisfaction and loyalty, there is hardly any focus in the literature on study mode differences. Further, many developing country contexts such as Zambia are under-researched, limiting generalisability of prior research conclusions. Hence, the purpose of this report is to examine university study mode differences in the under-researched context of Zambia. Specifically, it examines study mode differences among undergraduate students in relation to service quality dimensions and overall satisfaction. Based on a quantitative approach, survey data were collected from 824 students at a public university and analysed using correlation and one-way analyses of variance techniques. The findings indicate that while each of the five dimensions of service quality performance (tangibility, reliability, responsiveness, empathy and assurance) is significantly related to overall student satisfaction for all study modes, distance students were the most satisfied on all dimensions, followed by evening students and the least were full-time students. For scholars, administrators and policymakers, the study ABOUT THE AUTHOR Bruce Mwiya The authors belong to the Enterprise, Marketing and Strategy (EMS) Research and Consultancy Cluster in the Copperbelt University Business School, P. O. Box 21692, Kitwe, Zambia. This article is one of the many outcomes from the higher education service quality project the cluster has been working on since 2015. 
Measuring the M&A Value of Control and Synergy in Central and Eastern European Transition Economies with the Case of Avast - AVG Acquisition. We examine the valuation of synergies and control in mergers and acquisitions (M&A) in Central and Eastern European (CEE) transition economies. We determine this value based on comprehensive contemporaneous financial findings extracted from the Thomson Reuters database. Worldwide the market of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) is increasing, reaching in 2016 a value of 6. 000 billion EUR globally. Among the CEE transition economies, the M&A total value in the same period was 50 billion EUR. It is widely accepted that between 60% and 80% of M&As are unsuccessful in value creation, so we further research evidences about an alternative framework to value the M&A also qualitatively. We develop a valuation model for prediction of the value of control and synergy in M&A deals. We suggest further directions for analysis in the field of M&A value creation, and recommend an alternative to the most used earning per share metric to enhance the predictability and transparency of valuation worldwide. 
The Formation of New Monetary Policies: Decisions of Central Banks on the Great Recession. The effect that the Great Recession had on monetary policies has led to the profound reorientation of central banks' actions from 2007 to 2013. The purpose of this work is to analyze the monetary policies applied by the main central banks, mainly the European Central Bank, the Federal Reserve System of USA and the Bank of Japan, in order to raise thoughts on the guidelines that central banks should follow in the future. In the first section the bases of monetary policy before the crisis are described; in the second we explain the change in the orientation of the role of central banks during the crisis; and finally, we synthesize the bases on which the economic debate is taking place on the orientation of future monetary policies. We conclude that, in so far as the inoperativeness of transmission mechanisms still persists, monetary policies will remain in a process of change. 
The Theory and Practice of Dialogue Teaching in University Political Course. University political course is the main position to systemically educate undergraduates on Marxist theory. It has very important practical significance. Whereas, concerning the current situation of university political course, the teaching effectiveness has a considerable gap with its duty, which needs our introspection. From the perspective of dialogue teaching, this article discusses the theory and practice of political teaching in university. 
Success Factors for Baitulmal Management during the Reign of Caliph Umar ibn Abdul Aziz. In general, baitulmal is a store treasury or property house which manages all properties and financial resources of Muslims community. Therefore, primary responsibility of baitulmal is managing assets and finances that are owned by and entrusted to Muslims community such as zakat, wakf, usyur, khaaraj and other sources that are permitted by Islamic law as an effort to reduce poverty and for socio-economic development. This article intends to examine the management of baitulmal during the period of Caliph Umar ibn Abdul Aziz. This is important because Caliph Umar ibn Abdul Aziz has made several revolutions throughout his reign. Based on textual analysis, six critical success factors for treasury management during his reign have been identified. The factors are healthy environment for economic growth, strengthening of the baitulmal, stimulating and boosting the business sector, creating new rules for the agricultural sector, giving more focus to the general fund stored in the treasury and the last factor is vigilance with the use of the national treasury. 
Consumers' Trade-Off between Nutrition and Health Claims under Regulation 1924/2006: Insights from a Choice Experiment Analysis. The aim of this report is to investigate consumers' preferences and willingness to pay (WTP) for functional mozzarella cheese whose health benefits (reduced fat and enrichment in omega-3) are communicated by using nutrition claims (article 8) and health claims (articles 13 and 14) of the EU Regulation 1924/2006. In order to achieve the stated objective a choice survey was developed and administered to a sample of Italian respondents. The product attributes and attribute levels included in the choice experiment were obtained from in-depth interviews conducted with stakeholders working on the development of this new product in the Italian region of Puglia. Results show that many participants were not aware of functional food. Marketing segmentation performed via latent class analysis indicates that the development of this hypothetical product should be based on the addition of naturally enriched omega-3. In terms of health communication under Regulation 1924/2006, heterogeneity of preferences of the nine identified segments reveals that respondents have a clear preference for products from the Puglia region, for the combined nutrition claim over single nutrition claims and for the reduction of disease health claim (article 14) over the health claim (article 13). In monetary terms, willingness to pay for health claims is higher than nutrition claims. 
Political Trust and Public Satisfaction: A Logistic Regression Analysis Based on 1113 Samples. As an indispensable part of government performance evaluation, the public plays an important role in the legitimacy of the Chinese government. Based on the 1113 samples of "Deliberative Democracy and Election Survey (2010, 2013 and 2014)", this report studies the relationship between different levels of political trust and public satisfaction. Through descriptive statistics it was found that more than half of the public on the work of the government expressed satisfaction with the government level, and the degree of trust is gradually increasing. Logistic regression model found that political trust and public satisfaction have a significantly positive correlation, and this correlation strength in different levels of government is different. In addition, gender, political landscape and public satisfaction also have a significant correlation. 
The Energy Industry in the Czech Republic: On the Way to the Internet of Things. This article describes and discusses research into the perspectives for deploying the IoT (Internet of Things) within the Czech energy industry. Our conclusions are based on empirical research performed among 50 energy-industry experts in 2016 and 2017. This was two-stage research in which we held interviews with these experts in order to select the set of the most acceptable IoT technologies for deployment in the energy industry, and then used the TOPSIS method to select the most suitable technologies among them for deployment in the Czech environment. For use in determining the most suitable technologies, we also defined-with the help of the mentioned experts-individual selection parameters and weightings for them, enabling us to apply the TOPSIS method to the selected set of technologies. Our result was the selection of the SIGFOX IoT technology. 
'Boxing Is Our Business': The Embodiment of a Leftist Identity in Boxe Popolare. Based on two-year ethnography of boxe popolare-a style of boxing codified by Italian leftist grassroots groups-and participant observation of a palestra popolare in an Italian city, the article purports to (a) deepen understanding of the nexus between physical cultures and politics and (b) contribute to understanding the renewal of political cultures by overcoming the disembodied perspectives on ideology. The first section of the paper tracks down the relation that ties boxing to the sociocultural matrix of the leftist grassroots groups. Boxing draws its significance from the antagonistic culture of the informal political youth organisations in which the practice is embedded and reflects the main changes that have been occurring in the collective action repertoires of the street-level political forces over the past few decades. The second section analyses the daily activities of boxe popolare. The paper thereby demonstrates how training regimes manipulate the bodies to inculcate a set of corporeal postures and sensibilities inherent to a mythology of otherness peculiar to the far-left ethos. In conclusion, the lived experience of boxe popolare addresses the importance of placing the situated practices and the socialised body at the centre of the study of political cultures in the contemporary post-ideological era. 
A Hybrid Algorithm for Forecasting Financial Time Series Data Based on DBSCAN and SVR. Financial prediction is an important research field in financial data time series mining. There has always been a problem of clustering massive financial time series data. Conventional clustering algorithms are not practical for time series data because they are essentially designed for static data. This impracticality results in poor clustering accuracy in several financial forecasting models. In this report, a new hybrid algorithm is proposed based on Optimization of Initial Points and Variable-Parameter Density-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise (OVDBCSAN) and support vector regression (SVR). At the initial point of optimization, e and MinPts, which are global parameters in DBSCAN, mainly deal with datasets of different densities. According to different densities, appropriate parameters are selected for clustering through optimization. This algorithm can find a large number of similar classes and then establish regression prediction models. It was tested extensively using real-world time series datasets from Ping An Bank, the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange to evaluate accuracy. The evaluation showed that our approach has major potential in clustering massive financial time series data, therefore improving the accuracy of the prediction of stock prices and financial indexes. 
Synergetics-Fundamental Attributes of the Theory of Self-Organization and Its Meaning for Economics. The current article will focus on the fundamental idea of synergetics. It addresses the question of how to explain self-organization in a complex system. For this purpose synergetic will be explained with the use of the classic physical example, the laser light. Although the synergetic theory was developed in the field of physics, it is an interdisciplinary approach enabling the general examination of self-organization of complex systems, especially in economic contexts. The so-called swarm intelligence contributes as a bright example from another context. Furthermore, exemplifying for economic application a simple national economy will be interpreted from the synergetic perspective. From an economic perspective, finally the conclusion includes a critical reflection of the approach. 
Creative Industries in Brazil: Analysis of Specifics Cases for a Country in Development *. This report aims to focus in a theoretical approach on the traits of the Brazilian CCIs. They are marked by various forms of inequality, but yet experience a high level of cultural diversity. For this reason, we analyze the sectorial development in respect to the creation of employment, income, emphasizing the actions and policies directed to both segments, through information provided by the Social Information Annual Report (RAIS) 1 and the Brazilian Association of Digital Game Developers (Abragames). Also using data from the RAIS, we analyze the factors associated with the development of the fashion industry in the major cities. The analysis of these two sectors of the CCIs in a peripheral country sought to put in evidence the institutional differences, different configurations of companies' size, average income, educational level and gender composition. However, those differences disregard spillover potential and cross-fertilization between the fashion and games and apps sectors. 
How to Mitigate the Harm of Abusive Supervision to Employee's Innovative Behaviors: The Role of Employee's Proactive Personality and Supervisor's Performance Goal Orientation. The survival and development of enterprises are increasingly dependent on individual innovative behavior. A large number of studies have shown that abusive supervision has a negligible negative impact on employee's innovative behavior. This article examines the mitigation effect of employee's proactive personality and supervisor's performance gold orientation on the relationship between abusive supervision and employee's innovative behavior. Through a paired study of 39 supervisors and 203 subordinates, a hierarchical linear model was used for analysis. The research results show that: when employees have a high proactive personality, regardless of the level of supervisor's abusive supervision, employee's innovation behavior is not affected; and when employee's proactive personality is low, the supervisor's high-performance gold orientation can mitigate the harm of abusive supervision to employee's innovative behavior. 
Does the Auditor Have a Direct Influence on the Financial Statement Quality?. In the modern process of globalization, IFRS standards are widely used in the financial world, Russian Federation is one of these examples. The application of IFRS in Russian Federation first began in the early 90-ies of the twentieth century. During IFRS adoption many companies were involved in this process. Nowadays, a big part of all Russian companies obligatory use IFRS standards to prepare their statements. The purpose of this article is to analyse current practices of financial reporting procedures, its compliance with the rules of the IAS 1 as well as identifying the dependencies between the auditor selection and the quality of reporting. For this report, a special Questionnaire was developed and for each selected organization a special profile, which included analysis of all financial statements for the period of the 2015 year was created. The study shows that the financial reports quality of the largest Russian companies on a high level. However, many companies face the problem of RAS and IFRS differences during reports transformation that directly influences its quality. During the study process it becomes clear, that auditor has a direct impact on the financial statements quality. 
Methodology to Select the Best Business Game in Higher Education. Business simulators are frequently used in higher education for its pedagogical importance. The purpose of this survey is to know the opinion of the faculty staff regarding certain aspects of the game they use in their teaching, using the Macbeth (Measuring Attractiveness by a Category Based Evaluation Technique) approach. This research is supported in the multi-criteria analysis to obtain a classification of several simulation games in the role of its educational features. The methodology establishes a hierarchical order that will allow determining the optimum simulator valuing its pedagogical efficiency. 
Can the Internet improve agricultural production? Evidence from Viet Nam. This report aims to contribute to the growing literature on the potential benefits of the Internet on rural livelihoods. We estimate the relationship between Internet access and agricultural production in rural Viet Nam using a panel dataset from 2008-2012. This is a time span during which Internet access increased substantially and governmentrun and private online outlets providing information about agriculture started to operate. Our findings suggest that Internet access is associated with a 6. 8% higher volume of total agricultural output. We find that this result is manifested through more efficient use of fertilizer. Our findings are stronger for younger households. The less developed northern provinces have benefited the most from the arrival of the Internet. The results are weaker in the case of rice, which is related to strong government involvement in rice production and prices. 
The Economics of Rapid Multiplication of Hybrid Poplar Biomass Varieties. Background: Poplar (Populus spp. ) hybridization is key to advancing biomass yields and conversion efficiency. Once superior varieties are selected, there is a lag in commercial use while they are multiplied to scale. Objective: The purpose of this analysis was to assess the influence of gains in biomass yield and quality on investment in rapid propagation techniques that speed the time to commercial deployment. Material and Methods: A factorial experiment of propagation method and hybrid variety was conducted to quantify the scale-up rate of in vitro and greenhouse clonal multiplication. These data were used in modeling the internal rate of return (IRR) on investment into rapid propagation as a function of genetic gains in biomass yield and quality and compared to a base case that assumed the standard method of supplying operational varieties in commercial quantities from nurseries as hardwood cuttings, capable of yields of 16. 5 Mg ha -1 year -1. Results: Analysis of variance in macro-cutting yield showed that propagation method and varietal effects as well as their interaction were highly significant, with hedge propagation exceeding serial propagation in macro-cutting productivity by a factor of nearly 1. 8. The Populus deltoides x P. maximowiczii and the Populus trichocarpa x P. maximowiczii varieties greatly exceeded the multiplication rate of the P. x generosa varieties due to their exceptional response to repeated hedging required to initiate multiple tracks of serial propagation. Analyses of investment into rapid propagation to introduce new material into plantation establishment followed by a 20-year rotation of six coppice harvests showed that gains in biomass yield and quality are warranted for a commitment to rapid propagation systems. The base case analysis was generally favored at yields up to 18 Mg -1 year -1 dependent on pricing. The rapid multiplication analysis proved superior to the base case analysis at the two highest yield levels (27. 0 and 31. 5 Mg ha -1 year -1 ,) at all price levels and at yields of 22. 5 Mg -1 year -1 , dependent on price and farm location. Conclusion: Rapid multiplication is a reliable method to move improved plant material directly into operations when valued appropriately in the marketplace. 
Using the Sustainability Monitoring and Assessment Routine (SMART) for the Systematic Analysis of Trade-Offs and Synergies between Sustainability Dimensions and Themes at Farm Level. When trying to optimize the sustainability performance of farms and farming systems, a consideration of trade-offs and synergies between different themes and dimensions is required. The aim of this report is to perform a systematic analysis of trade-offs and synergies across all dimensions and themes. To achieve this aim we used the Sustainability Monitoring and Assessment Routine (SMART)-Farm Tool which operationalizes the Sustainability Assessment of Food and Agriculture Systems (SAFA) Guidelines by defining science-based indicator sets and assessment procedures. It identifies the degree of goal achievement with respect to the 58 themes defined in the SAFA Guidelines using an impact matrix that defines 327 indicators and 1769 relations between sustainability themes and indicators. We illustrate how the SMART-Farm Tool can be successfully applied to assess the sustainability performance of farms of different types and in different geographic regions. Our analysis revealed important synergies between themes within a sustainability dimension and across dimensions. We found major trade-offs within the environmental dimension and between the environmental and economic dimension. The trade-offs within the environmental dimension were even larger than the trade-offs with other dimensions. The study also underlines the importance of the governance dimension with regard to achieving a good level of performance in the other dimensions. 
From market multilateralism to governance by goal setting: SDGs and the changing role of partnerships in a new global order Abstract: Business has been involved in cooperation with multilateral organizations through public-private partnerships (PPPs) since the late 1990s. With their adoption of the sustainable development goals (SDGs), multilateral institutions increasingly consider partnerships as a means to achieve their goals given their own limited implementation capacity. However, the global economic order has changed significantly since the first expansion of PPPs, particularly due to growing participation by non-western states and companies. This article asks how this shift has changed the eagerness to form partnerships, as well as their qualitative content. It analyzes the 3964 partnerships in the SDG partnership registry, focusing on the subset of them that includes business partners. We divide these into five groups: local implementation, resource mobilization, advocacy, policy, and operational partnerships. We study PPPs involving companies from different varieties of capitalism-private, market based forms, and state-led forms of capitalism. We find that PPPs are still dominated by companies and other actors from Western countries. Moreover, business participate more in U. S. -and Canadianled partnerships than others. We also find strong differences regarding what category of PPPs that companies from different backgrounds engage in, and discuss the linkages between varieties of capitalism and PPP participation. 
Irrelevance of Conjectural Variation in a Mixed Duopoly: The Case of Relative Performance and Consistent Conjectures *. This analysis explores the equilibrium outcomes in the contexts of quantity-setting and price-setting mixed duopolies with consistent conjectures of both the social welfare maximizing public firm and the relative profit maximizing private firm. Similar to the private duopoly composed of only relative profit maximizing firms, we show that in the mixed duopoly, the equilibrium outcomes in the quantity-setting competition with the consistent conjectures of both firms are equivalent to those in the price-setting competition with the consistent conjectures of both firms. 
Estimating the value of forests for provisioning non-timber forest products to market: concepts, approaches, and case studies. We discuss the process of estimating the ecosystem service value (ESV) for provisioning of non-timber forest products (NTFPs) to market, with a focus on the United States. NTFPs are harvested throughout the U. S. for numerous purposes, and those sold in market contribute significantly to household and local economies. While estimates of ESV can aid decision-making related to conservation and management, NTFPs have been generally neglected. We discuss challenges and approaches for prioritizing valuation, quantifying production, measuring costs and benefits, and finding data sources. Many NTFP markets are informal, and market players may have an interest in withholding information. Data about geographic and temporal distribution, production cost, quantity harvested, and price may therefore be limited. In two case studies, we explore the nuances of estimating ESV of forests for medicinal products. 
Nano-And Microfiber-Based Fully Fabric Triboelectric Nanogenerator For Wearable Devices. The combination of the triboelectric effect and static electricity as a triboelectric nanogenerator (TENG) has been extensively studied. TENGs using nanofibers have advantages such as high surface roughness, porous structure, and ease of production by electrospinning; however, their shortcomings include high-cost, limited yield, and poor mechanical properties. Microfibers are produced on mass scale at low cost; they are solvent-free, their thickness can be easily controlled, and they have relatively better mechanical properties than nanofiber webs. Herein, a nano-and micro-fiber-based TENG (NMF-TENG) was fabricated using a nylon 6 nanofiber mat and melt blown nonwoven polypropylene (PP) as triboelectric layers. Hence, the advantages of nanofibers and microfibers are maintained and mutually complemented. The NMF-TENG was manufactured by electrospinning nylon 6 on the nonwoven PP, and then attaching Ni coated fabric electrodes on the top and bottom of the triboelectric layers. The morphology, porosity, pore size distribution, and fiber diameters of the triboelectric layers were investigated. The triboelectric output performances were confirmed by controlling the pressure area and basis weight of the nonwoven PP. This analysis proposes a low-cost fabrication process of NMF-TENGs with high air-permeability, durability, and productivity, which makes them applicable to a variety of wearable electronics. 
A Systematic Literature Review-Social Engagement from Business Perspective +. The present paper offers a literature review of relevant empirical research articles dealing with the relationship between corporate social performance (CSP) and corporate financial performance (CFP) published during the last five-year period 2013-2018. The results identify that although there is enormous amount of relevant studies presenting an overall positive relationship, there is still a lack of consensus in published results. Therefore CSP-CFP nexus remains a line of inquiry and more researches are needed. The most obvious explanation are different approaches in measuring corporate social responsibility and financial performance. 
The Future of Social Elderly Care in China: From the Perspective of Service-Oriented Government. China today faces the rigorous aging problem. In the traditional sense, the government has the duty to take over all the public affairs including the social elderly care. However, the expanding demand of social elderly care and the limited social resources extremely restrict the process of social elderly care affairs, and in addition, the social elderly care in so-called governmental institutions would lead the inefficiency and even waste of resource. In present, the government plays a role of the core designer and server, namely, the service-oriented government. With explaining the problems now Chinese government faced in theory and practice, this essay tries to put forward some advice to solve the dilemma in social elderly care. 
A Decision Support System for Assessing Trade-Offs between Ecosystem Management Goals: An Application in Portugal. Cork oak (Quercus suber L. ) and holm oak (Quercus rotundifolia) ecosystems are characteristic of Mediterranean forestry in Portugal. Even though cork is the most valuable product, these ecosystems provide multiple products and services. Assessing trade-offs between multiple goals is thus critical for the effectiveness of oak ecosystem management planning. This report focuses on the development of a decision support system for oak ecosystems' scenario analysis including multiple criteria. It includes an innovative decision support systems (DSS) functionality to assess trade-offs between the criteria that may support negotiation and consensus building between decision-makers and forest stakeholders. Specifically, a module that encapsulates the Feasible Goals Method/Interactive Decision Maps (FGM/IDM) technique is developed for interactive visualization of the Pareto frontier. The Pareto frontier illustrates the degree to which improving one particular criterion requires accepting sacrifices in the achievements of others. It thus provides information about trade-offs between competing decision-makers' preferences. Results are discussed for a large-scale application encompassing over 1 million ha of cork and holm oak forest ecosystems in Southern Portugal. This analysis demonstrates the potential of the new. 
An Improved Unscented Kalman Filter for Discrete Nonlinear Systems with Random Parameters. This report investigates the nonlinear unscented Kalman filtering (UKF) problem for discrete nonlinear dynamic systems with random parameters. We develop an improved unscented transformation by incorporating the random parameters into the state vector to enlarge the number of sigma points. The theoretical analysis reveals that the approximated mean and covariance via the improved unscented transformation match the true values correctly up to the third order of Taylor series expansion. Based on the improved unscented transformation, an improved UKF method is proposed to expand the application of the UKF for nonlinear systems with random parameters. An application to the mobile source localization with time difference of arrival (TDOA) measurements and sensor position uncertainties is provided where the simulation results illustrate that the improved UKF method leads to a superior performance in comparison with the normal UKF method. of nonlinear system function [10]. Also, the EKF requires the calculation of the Jacobian matrix, which is difficult to implement in practical applications [11]. 
Usability Evaluation of Independent-Sales B2C Fashion Website Based on Consumer's Perspective *. Based on consumer's perspective, according to Microsoft Usability Guidelines (MUG), evaluation system of independent-sales B2C fashion website usability was established. Six independent-sales B2C fashion websites were selected to be tested. The questionnaire results were analyzed by gray correlation analysis, two-step cluster analysis and hierarchical cluster analysis, leading to a usability classification and characteristic description, which indicated the quality of usability of the selected fashion websites. 
The Use of Benefit Transfer to Estimate the Recreational and Touristic Value of Two Wooded Areas in Tuscany. The holistic role of forests going beyond the economic function, identified in timber production, substantiates the evaluation of forests' social and environmental dimensions. Consequently, biodiversity, landscape, hydro-geological security, and maintenance of cultures and traditions are among the manifold issues to be addressed in dealing with forests. Touristic and recreational role of forests is also associated with the disproportionate development of human activities, sources of pollution often correlated to a reduced quality of life. This report aims at applying the benefit transfer methodology to estimate (from a financial point of view) the recreational and touristic value of wooded areas. The proposed approach relies on an extensive literature review including earlier published books, project' reports, scientific journals, and conference proceedings addressing the economic evaluation of forests. The reviewed methodologies are then rationally synthesized, adapted, and applied on two case studies in Tuscany, in an attempt to assign a value to forest's systems; however, only the recreational and touristic dimensions are considered. The ultimate purpose of this work is to emphasize aspects that were not yet properly considered in the financial appraisal of wooded areas, for a balanced management of natural resources avoiding deterioration and neglect. 
The Policy Role in the Stock Markets. This note is an attempt to model the role of the policymaker in stabilizing the stock markets. In doing so, we present an elasticity formula that links the risk-free interest rate to the value of the stock index. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Does More Expert Adjustment Associate with Less Accurate Professional Forecasts?. Professional forecasters can rely on an econometric model to create their forecasts. It is usually unknown to what extent they adjust an econometric model-based forecast. In this report we show, while making just two simple assumptions, that it is possible to estimate the persistence and variance of the deviation of their forecasts from forecasts from an econometric model. A key feature of the data that facilitates our estimates is that we have forecast updates for the same forecast target. An illustration to consensus forecasters who give forecasts for GDP growth, inflation and unemployment for a range of countries and years suggests that the more a forecaster deviates from a prediction from an econometric model, the less accurate are the forecasts. 
A New Approach to Measuring Tax Effort. This report attempts to extend the theoretical and empirical methodology employed in previous literature, by proposing a utility maximization process to estimate the optimal tax revenue from a sample of 30 countries. It is shown that an optimal tax system is defined solely by two crucial determining factors: The productive capacity of the country (GDP) and consumers' preferences (consumption spending). All the other variables can be disregarded, as macroeconomic determinants (GDP, consumption) tend to capture the impact of all the remaining factors on tax revenue. It is also shown that our utility maximization method generates tax-effort indices which do not differ significantly from those of IMF and World Bank studies. The actual tax burden for most of the sample countries is shown to be below its optimal level. As expected, the tax-effort performance of each of the sample countries appears to be affected by the variety of approaches employed throughout the text. 
Risk Financial Manag. 2020, 13, 18; J. Risk Financial Manag. Mathematics plays a vital role in many areas of finance and provides the theories and tools that have been widely used in all areas of finance. In this editorial, we tell authors the ideas on what types of papers we will accept for publication in the area of mathematical finance. We will discuss some well-cited papers of mathematical finance. 
The Problems of the Exploitation of Industry Technology Roadmap and the Implications of the Science Management of Local Government. In recent years, there is a great concern about the research of industry technology roadmap in the area of domestic IA collaboration. The local government exploited the industry technology roadmap successively, planned and guided the development of regional industries by scientific methods. However, there are still some noticeable problems. This report sorts out these problems systematically and tries to propose some implications of the science management of the local government. 
Optimal Expected Utility of Wealth for Two Dependent Classes of Insurance Business. We consider a modified version of the classical Cramer-Lundberg risk model. In particular, we assume two classes of insurance business dependent through the claim number process , 1,. 
An Experimental Comparison between Self-and Third-Party Evaluations. How to pick up the true meaning of messages exchanged in the laboratory is an important issue for experimental research. The present study investigates, by experimentally comparing self-and third-party evaluations, to what extent self-evaluations by message receivers can be relied on. After standard public-good game, subjects receive a free-form written message evaluating their decision and self-evaluate its content from their counterparts. Third-party evaluators also evaluate the content independently. A comparison between both evaluations shows that a significant proportion of them agree. Firm evidence of a self-serving bias cannot be found. 
Retail Price Optimization from Sparse Demand Data. It will be shown how the retailer can use economic theory to exploit the sparse information available to him to set the price of each item he is selling close to its profit-maximizing level. The variability of the maximum price acceptable to each customer is modeled using a probability density for demand, which provides an alternative to the conventional demand curve often employed. This alternative way of interpreting retail demand data provides insights into the optimal price as a central measure of a demand distribution. Modeling individuals' variability in their maximum acceptable price using a near-exhaustive set of "demand densities", it will be established that the optimal price will be close both to the mean of the underlying demand density and to the mean of the Rectangular distribution fitted to the underlying distribution. An algorithm will then be derived that produces a near-optimal price, whatever the market conditions prevailing, monopoly, oligopoly, monopolistic competition or, in the limiting case, perfect competition, based on the minimum of market testing. The algorithm given for optimizing the retail price, even when demand data are sparse, is shown in worked examples to be accurate and thus of practical use to retail businesses. 
A Case Study on the Promising Product Selection Indicators for Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs). This case study used a technology readiness level (TRL), market attractiveness level (MAL), and customer readiness level (CRL) to measure the prospect of promising products. The TRL, MAL, and CRL were measured using Delphi methods. A TRL is composed of basic research as well as experimental, prototype, practical, and commercial stages. A market attractiveness level is made up of global market size, global market growth rate, and government policy suitability. A customer readiness level was measured using consumer preference. The promising products were mainly selected as information communication and software related products. Among the technologies and products announced by domestic and foreign organizations, products suitable for research and development tasks of small and medium-sized enterprises were selected. The results of this case study are expected to be committed for the enhancement of the success rate of commercialization for small and medium-sized enterprises by being dedicated to the R&D planning of small and medium-sized enterprises in the ICT (Information and Communication Technology)/SW (Software)) field and proposing a direction to pursue the business. The purpose of this report is to propose an approach to measure the prospect of promising products by using three levels: TRL, MAL, and CRL, which are measured using Delphi methods. This approach aims to enhance the success rate of commercialization for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). 
How did EU membership of Eastern Europe affect student achievement? How did EU membership of Eastern Europe affect student achievement?*. The accession of Eastern European countries to the European Union increased family wealth and the returns to schooling. I analyze the change in student achievement due to the EU accession of Eastern Europe building on a panel of six PISA waves covering more than 1 million students in 32 countries. Using a difference-in-differences approach, I find a positive and statistically significant link of EU membership to reading scores by one tenth of a standard deviation. The effect seems robust to including controls from the human capital production function. 
Cross-sectional returns predictability for emerging market banks: A study on Indian banking system Cross-sectional returns predictability for emerging market banks: A study on Indian banking system ex-banker with experience in Commercial Banking space comprising Risk Management, Asset-Liability Management and Basel-II implementation. His teaching and research experience include Global Banking and Capital Markets. Using Indian bank-level data, we examine the cross-sectional returns predictability for banking stocks in view of the distinct industry parameters prevalent in the financial services space. We find the existence of abnormal returns in banking stocks. We also observe that the celebrated Fama-French (1992) 3-factor model could not explain the abnormal returns, primarily due to very high leveraged banks' balance sheets. Thus, we extend the Fama-French 3-factor model and Carhart 4-factor model alongside bank-specific conditioning information in the form of asset quality variables, operational efficiency variables and solvency variables to articulate the existence of abnormal returns. With the inclusion of conditioning information, the study predictability of abnormal returns improved significantly. 
College Students' Attitude towards the Internet as Communication Medium and Level of Utilization of English Language in the Classroom. This descriptive-correlational study attempted to determine how college students' attitude towards the internet as communication medium influences their level of utilization of the English language in the classroom at the University of Perpetual Help System Laguna-Philippines during the second semester of AY 2017-2018. The respondents were the fifty (50) college students who took Technical Writing and Philippine Literature courses during the aforesaid term. The researcher employed simple random sampling technique in selecting the respondents. The findings revealed that there was no significant relationship between the students' attitude towards the Internet as communication medium and level of utilization of the English language in the classroom considering the obtained p value of 0. 211 which was greater than the significance level @ 0. 05. This comprehensive study concludes that although there are many pluses, students have diverse estimations and attitudes towards this contemporary process of learning using the internet as communication medium. Likewise, teachers play a very bulging part in enticing the student's attention to maximize the use of English language in the classroom which can be possibly acquired by creating interest among them through the employment of media platforms particularly the Internet which nowadays is undeniably inseparable from teaching and learning of the English language. 
Increasing Gender Diversity in Senior Roles in HE: Who Is Afraid of Positive Action?. This article argues that Higher Education Institutions should adopt positive action in recruitment and promotion to tackle women's under-representation in senior leadership roles. In a tie-break situation where two candidates are "as qualified as each other", section 159 of the UK Equality Act 2010 allows employers to give preference to a candidate from an under-represented group. The use of this measure, however, is often contested on the grounds that it is a form of reverse discrimination, it is tokenistic and that it can undermine meritocracy. This article seeks to challenge these objections and suggests that, far from undermining meritocracy, the use of positive action in recruitment and promotion could prove a useful tool to tackle gender bias, unpack stereotypes and re-appraise how merit is defined and assessed. 
Simultaneously characterizing the comparative economics of routine female adolescent nonavalent human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccination and assortativity of sexual mixing in Hong Kong Chinese: a modeling analysis. Background: Although routine vaccination of females before sexual debut against human papillomavirus (HPV) has been found to be cost-effective around the world, its cost-benefit has rarely been examined. We evaluate both the costeffectiveness and cost-benefit of routine female adolescent nonavalent HPV vaccination in Hong Kong to guide its policy, and by extension that of mainland China, on HPV vaccination. One major obstacle is the lack of data on assortativity of sexual mixing. Such difficulty could be overcome by inferring sexual mixing parameters from HPV epidemiologic data. Methods: We use an age-structured transmission model coupled with stochastic individual-based simulations to estimate the health and economic impact of routine nonavalent HPV vaccination for girls at age 12 on cervical cancer burden and consider vaccine uptake at 25%, 50%, and 75% with at least 20 years of vaccine protection. Bayesian inference was employed to parameterize the model using local data on HPV prevalence and cervical cancer incidence. We use the human capital approach in the cost-benefit analysis (CBA) and GDP per capita as the indicative willingness-to-pay threshold in the cost-effectiveness analysis (CEA). Finally, we estimate the threshold vaccine cost (TVC), which is the maximum cost for fully vaccinating one girl at which routine female adolescent nonavalent HPV vaccination is costbeneficial or cost-effective. 
Fuzzy Modelling for Qatar Knowledge-Based Economy and Its Characteristics. This report aims to present an overview of the framework and methodology that might help Qatari decision makers understand and identify factors affecting the transition towards a knowledgebased economy in a non-static fast-changing real-world setting, with a specific focus on clarifying some of the key dynamics and characteristics of its establishment. In this regards, it aims to quantify the effect of government policies, ICT infrastructure, and society norm dimensions by seeking to provide an insight on the main driving forces behind its emergence-exploring the core pillars, potential pitfalls, and bottlenecks. In addition, it attempts to help close the existing gaps resulting from the discrepancy between the pace of the knowledge-based economy foundation and inadequate supporting institutional framework. Country-specific characteristics of the Qatar economy are considered in order to determine the right approach for adopting the knowledge-based economy orientation that would be aligned with Qatar National Vision 2030. Finally, the expertdriven fuzzy-logic approach has been proposed to help decision-makers in providing guidance for outlining and evaluating the relevant strategies. 
Globalization: Alternative Pricing in a Peak-Load Pricing Model. We discuss globalization and the current recession in manufacturing and construction. We present a theoretical model of globalization, of two countries, X and Y, each with open-market systems domestically and internationally. We compare two pricing policies in each country: short-run marginal cost, SRMC, versus prices fixed, P , over the business cycle. We present a proposition and proof. We give a detailed numerical example with graphs for each country. The main result is that P over the business cycle increases the volatility of Q demand over the cycle and increases consumer surplus in both countries under certain conditions. The numerical example shows a drawback of SRMC pricing under demand fluctuations-that the required price in high-demand times to balance accounts becomes extremely high. Consumers are better off with P , paying a small increase over SRMC in the off-peak, 6/7 th of the time, to avoid the extremely large required price of SRMC in the peak times, because it's only 1/7 of the time. The surprising point is that though peak times are infrequent, the prices and quantities at peak times determine which pricing arrangement is better for consumers. 
Review of Human Resource Management Function of Front Line Managers. Front Line Managers (FLMs) are the managers of staff at the grass-roots level at the forefront of performing management activities, who play an important role in the achievement of enterprise's whole objective and the implementation of enterprise plan to the individual staff and first-line staff. With the development of management practice, FLMs are beginning to shoulder part of the human resources management responsibilities. The paper summarizes the research status of human resource management function of FLMs from the perspective of human resources management, and outlooks the future research direction. 
Assessment: Classic and Innovative Approaches. This report explores the goals of assessment for today and for the future, addressing different categorizations of assessment. It approaches each category of assessment from the perspective of its objectives. It then proceeds to examine why the popular forms of educational assessment are lacking for the preparation of our students to become independent thinkers and successful lifelong learners. A suggested strategy to ameliorate the situation is presented. 
Family Female Executives and Firm Financial Performance. The aim of this report is to analyze the relationship of family executive women with firm performance in family firms. We have obtained a final sample of 269 family and non-family firms (comprising 3073 firm/year observations) from the Spanish High Council of Chamber (SHCC) website, while data were collected from System for Analysis of Iberian Balances database (SABI) for the period 2000 to 2011. Applying a generalized method of moments (GMM) panel data methodology, we observe a positive effect on the return on assets (ROA) depending on the existence of family ties of executive women. Several implications for the career development of women in family firms arise from our results. 
Original Research Financial Literacy and Financial Risk Tolerance of Individual Investors: Multinomial Logistic Regression Approach. Financial risk tolerance is one of the important factors affecting the financial investment decisions of individuals and institutional investors and a crucial factor of financial planning and financial counseling. It is therefore necessary to determine the major determinants of risk tolerance. In this article, we researched the impact of financial literacy level and demographic characteristics on the financial risk tolerance of the individuals in the sample of Usak University staff, using a multinomial logistic regression analysis and retrieving data through the questionnaire method. Multinomial logistic regression is an extension of binary logistic regression, allowing for three or more categories of the dependent variable. The findings of the empirical analysis reveal that financial literacy and demographic characteristics of age, gender, education, and income levels are significant determinants of financial risk tolerance. In this regard, the improvements in the financial literacy of the individuals through various education programs will probably raise the demand of financial products with different risk characteristics and in turn contribute to the development of financial sector. 
This article examines the practices and experiences of Ukrainian border crossers who are engaged in informal small-scale economic practices, namely shopping and petty trade, at the Medyka border crossing in Poland. By examining the societal, network and territorial embeddedness of the economic activities of these border crossers, we aim to shed light on the practices and experiences that form part of their daily lives. For many, the presence of the state border has become a resource for shopping and petty trade. People share a common purpose of making the most of their border crossing; they work together to plan and coordinate, or improvise and semi-plan, in the borderland and beyond, to supplement their income or to make a living. As a result, daily life for these border crossers occurs on both sides of the state border, 'stretching' the border in both a mental and a physical sense, despite the controlled institutional demarcation between Poland and Ukraine. 
Strategic Management Accounting Development during Last 30 Years # # # #. In the years following Simmonds (1981), many papers that promoted SMA appeared in the professional literature and were largely normative papers or descriptive case studies. It was not until the late 1980s that more significant academic writing emerged presenting SMA within a more theoretically-grounded research framework. Prominent were works by ABSTRACT This report analyses some reasons why strategic management accounting was not widely accepted. After initial boom of strategic management accounting there is stagnation in recent year. Application of strategic management accounting in practice does not exceed pilot case study. Strategic management accounting lessons are not commonly included in educational programs. Finally researches on strategic management accounting have only limited results. Paper is based on literature review and empirical research. 
Returns to Investment in Higher Education: Is There a Difference between Distance Learning and Traditional Universities in the Fields of Physics, Mathematics, Social Studies, Computer Science and Economics?. In this report, we extend the literature on the rate of returns to Investment in Higher Education towards studies in distance learning Universities. In particular, we explore the difference in returns between, on one hand, graduates of a distance learning university (the Hellenic Open University, HOU) and on the other hand, graduates from two traditional universities, in Greece. The data used in the analysis is collected with field research from graduates of Physics, Mathematics, Social Studies, Computer Science and Economics. Our findings show that the rate of return to investment in education for HOU graduates is about four times higher than that of the graduates of the two traditional Universities, for the first degree graduates and about double the rate for the Master's degree graduates. From policy perspective, our results suggest that a distance learning University may not only be considered as a second chance to education for mature students, often facing time and budget restrictions, but, it may also be seen as a worthwhile investment enabling much higher private returns compared to the alternative route, i. e. following studies in traditional universities. Therefore, distance learning universities may be used by policy authorities as a vehicle to reduce income inequalities and increase social mobility. 
A Framework for Determining the Impact of Value Chain Participation on Smallholder Farm Efficiency. We analyze the efficiency of wheat farmers toward the ever-increasing demand for wheat in Tanzania. Translog production and cost functions were utilized in the stochastic frontier analysis to examine technical, allocative, and economic efficiencies (TE, AE, and EE) of wheat farmers in Northern Tanzania. Propensity score matching through caliper radius and nearest neighbor methods were utilized to analyze the impact of value chain participation on smallholder farm efficiency levels. Analysis revealed that the average TE, AE, and EE scores for farmers' value chain participation were 79%, 80%, and 64%, respectively, in the study area, implying that wheat farmers could still improve level of TE, AE, and EE by 21%, 20%, and 36%, respectively. Caliper radius matching revealed that the net effects of farmers' participation in vertical coordination on TE, AE, and EE were 6. 8%, 5. 7%, and 8. 7%, respectively, while the net effects of farmers' horizontal coordination participation were 6. 3%, 9. 5%, and 11. 6%, respectively. This indicates that farmer's participation in value chain (vertical and horizontal coordination) would positively impact their level of wheat farm efficiencies. Based on the results, we recommend the expansion of wheat plots and use of modern farming technologies to increase wheat production in Tanzania. To further improve farm unit efficiency, we recommend additional formal education for future farmers, more on-farm extension training, and participation in the value chain through contracts and farmers' associations. 
The Research on Humanresource Development of Tencent-The HR Three Pillar Model. With the development of company, human resource has been increasingly important for a company, some research shows that human resource has positive correlation with company performance. Human capital value is one of the most important resource of a company. To satisfy requirements of the development of company and the expansion of business, paid dramatic attention has been to human resource department. In this report, the human resource department of Tencent will be shown and analyzed. The HR three pillar model is practiced by Tencent and developed to new form. The development of human resource has been a significant requirement of Tencent to expand business and an important strategy to promote competitiveness. 
Research on the Development Strategy of Logistics Firms in China. The logistics industry has attracted wide attention as an important industry that supports economic development. Most of Chinese logistics enterprises are transferred from traditional transportation and warehousing business. Their information integration and mining capacity is insufficient. The basis of weak competitiveness of the traditional logistics industry needs to be improved. By analyzing the driven factors of modern logistics industry, the paper further discusses Chinese logistics enterprises' problems and analyzes the case of X company to describe the business strategy of modern logistics firms. 
Novel Word Learning: Event-Related Brain Potentials Reflect Pure Lexical and Task-Related Effects. Previous research has pointed out that the combination of orthographic and semanticassociative training is a more advantageous strategy for the lexicalization of novel written word-forms than their single orthographic training. However, paradigms used previously involve explicit stimuli categorization (lexical decision), which likely influence word learning. In the present study, we used a more automatic task (silent reading) to determine the advantage of the associative training, by comparing the brain electrical signals elicited in combined (orthographic and semantic) and single (only orthographic) training conditions. In addition, the learning effect (in terms of similar neurophysiological activity between novel and known words) was also tested under a categorization paradigm, enabling determination of the possible influence of the training task in the lexicalization process. Results indicated that novel words repeatedly associated with meaningful cues showed a higher attenuation of N400 responses than those trained in the single orthographic condition, confirming the higher facilitation in the lexicosemantic processing of these stimuli, as a consequence of semantic associations. Moreover, only when the combined training was carried out in the reading task did novel words show similar N400 responses to those elicited by known words, suggesting the achievement of a similar lexical processing to known words. Crucially, when the training is carried out under a demanding task context (lexical decision), known words exhibited positive enhancement within the N400 time window, contributing to maintaining N400 differences with novel trained words and confounding the outcome of the learning. Such deflection-compatible with the modulation of the categorizationrelated P300 component-suggests that novel word learning could be influenced by the activation of categorization-related processes. Thus, the use of low-demand tasks arises as a more appropriate approach to study novel word learning, enabling the build-up process of mental representations, which probably depends on pure lexical and semantic factors rather than being guided by categorization demands. 
Mixed Training: A New Perspective of Post-Service Training for Teachers. The effectiveness of teacher training has been criticized. To change this situation, it is advisable to use mixed training instead of single training mode. Mixed training combines the advantages of various training modes, expands the learning space of teachers, constructs a system of mutual support among teachers, forms a three-dimensional model of teacher training and normalization of teacher training, and effectively promotes the professional development of teachers. 
Risk and Financial Management Article What Role Does the Housing Market Play for the Macroeconomic Transmission Mechanism?. The main objective is to answer the question: What role does the housing market play for the transmission mechanism and (in particular) is the impact constant over time? The research question also includes analyzing the importance of the housing market for the transmission mechanism. We estimate an eight-variable structural vector autoregression (SVAR) model of the Swedish economy over the period 1993 and 2018 using quarterly data, covering both the internet bubble in 2000 and the financial crises in 2008. The results indicate that interest rates have both a direct effect on housing prices and an indirect impact through the bank lending channel. Over time, the traditional interest rate channel importance has been stable. On the other hand, the role of the bank lending channel has increased over time. Household debt has increased substantially in Sweden and elsewhere. That means that the interest rate sensitivity in society has increased. Based on the results, it is possible to evaluate and forecast potential house price effects (both direct and indirect) when the interest rate changes. 
The Integration of Subject Specific Skills and Small Group Teaching into Year 1 of Degree Programmes: A Study Skills Programme, a School-Wide Learning and Teaching Initiative. This report presents and discusses a student-focussed, small group learning and teaching, and school-wide initiative designed for first year undergraduate students in support of their transition into higher education. The details of the underlying pedagogic strategy, as well as the organisation (small group teaching environment), the content of applied learning and teaching approaches (including assignment and assessment), and the outcomes of the initiative evaluation (including required human resources) based on data collected from five consecutive academic years are presented. This report aims to serve as an example of a pedagogic approach that facilitates student transition into Higher Education aimed at practitioners, especially those involved in delivery and/or those who are engaged or responsible for undergraduate curricula development. The findings are discussed in terms of implications for curricular changes to support students' engagement at this early stage of their university career. 
Remote Synchronization Simulation of Onboard Crystal Oscillator for QZSS Using L1/L2/L5 Signals for Error Adjustment. A new error adjustment method for remote synchronization of the onboard crystal oscillator for the quasi-zenith satellite system (QZSS) using three different frequency positioning signals (L1/L2/L5) is proposed. The error adjustment method that uses L1/L2 positioning signals was demonstrated in the past. In both methods, the frequency-dependent part and the frequency-independent part were considered separately, and the total time information delay was estimated. By adopting L1/L2/L5, synchronization was improved by approximately 15% compared with that using L1/L2 and approximately 10% compared with that using L1/L5 and a synchronization error of less than 0. 77 nanosecond was realized. 
Investors' trading behaviour and stock market volatility during crisis periods: A dual long-memory model for the Korean Stock Exchange. This analysis examines the impact of investors' buy and sell trades on Korean stock market volatility across two crisis events, the Asian crisis of 1997 and the 2008 global financial crash. We investigate the trading behaviour of domestic vs. foreign and institutional vs. individual investors. Our results suggest that the buy and sell trades have an asymmetric effect on volatility that depends on the type of investor trading and on the phase of the business cycle. Buy orders appear to be more informative than sell orders since they mostly lower volatility in the pre-crisis periods, while sell and post-crisis buy trades affect volatility positively regardless of who trades (institutional or individual investors) and on what information (member, non-member). Most importantly, decomposing total buy and sell trades into trader-type categories reveals that some institutional investors are more informed traders that stabilize the market compared to individuals that always increase volatility. Foreign investors reduce volatility with their purchases and total trading activity in the whole Asian crisis sample, but only in the pre-crisis period before the recent global financial turmoil. 
Construction Management and Economics Implementing commercial information exchange: a construction supply chain case study Implementing commercial information exchange: a construction supply chain case study. The concept of electronic trading (e-trading) has transformed supply chain interactions in many industries, yet little research explored its implementation by Architecture, Engineering and Construction (AEC) supply chain firms. E-trading relies on commercial information exchange by supply chain partners which is generally adopted through intermediary technology partners (Hub Providers) to facilitate the accurate and timely communication of transactional data between buyers and supplier. A case study was conducted to explore the challenges and barriers to implementation of cross-firm commercial information exchange. The study primarily involved investigation of the interfaces between software development and organizational functions assisting with the electronic exchange of commercial information (eCIX) implementation. Findings from the case study show that implementation of commercial information exchange is not an easy task with several themes of factors to be considered during delivery of such projects, namely technical, coordination, integration and organizational. The study contributes to the knowledge and deployment of e-trading solutions within the context of AEC firms, and should be of interest to the practitioners contemplating similar projects. 
International Journal of Financial Studies The Role of Political Connections on Family Firms' Performance: Evidence from Indonesia. The purpose of this analysis is to investigate the relationship of firms with family ownership and their performance in Indonesia and further examine on how political connections affect this relationship. This analysis used 933 samples from 413 companies listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) in the period between 2014 and 2016. Using ordinary least square (OLS) regression, the results shows that firms without family ownership (non-family firms) have better performance than firms with family ownership (family firms) in Indonesia. Furthermore, the findings also show that the performance of family firms significantly improve when the firms are affiliated with political connections. Our findings imply that establishing political connections in family firms will increase the performance of the firms. 
Effects of Biceramic AlN-SiC Microparticles on the Thermal Properties of Paraffin for Thermal Energy Storage. Herein, simplified time-efficient production of AlN-coated SiC (SiC@AlN) ceramic powder was practiced. Short-term vibratory ball milling with high frequency was employed to integrate the microsize particles. Also, paraffin as a significant phase change material (PCM) was reinforced using the manufactured SiC@AlN in order to enhance the thermal conductivity (TC) and stability of the final composite. Various characterization methods were used to clarify the changes in particle size of the biceramic powder as well as the thermal features of the paraffin-based composite. Manufactured SiC@AlN was found to be the most effective in the improvement of interfacial adhesion of composite components and the subsequent enhancement of TC, compared with singular ceramic powders as the reinforcing agents. Also, differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) indicated a very slight increase in latent heat of the fabricated composite PCM. 
Research on the Transformation of Rural Governance Models under the Background of Rural Revitalization. The strategy of rural revitalization is an important measure to solve the main social contradictions of our country in the new era and achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. It embodies the party and the country's great emphasis on rural development and has extremely far-reaching significance. However, the traditional rural governance model has a series of problems, such as low level of farmers' participation, ambiguous government function positioning, imperfect governance system, and serious administration of grassroots organizations. It is incompatible with the requirements of rural construction in the new era, resulting in slow rural development and further urban-rural gap enlarge. Therefore, it is necessary to stimulate farmers' enthusiasm for participation, improve the governance environment, and promote measures by strengthening participatory governance led by party building, clearing function positioning, improving system policies, and reducing the administrative burden of grassroots organizations. Promote the transformation of the rural governance model and realize the rural revitalization at an early date. 
A Hierarchical Approach for the Sustainability of Residential Building Regeneration. After the enormous advancement of urbanization from the past 30 years, the functional and environmental quality of a large number of existing residential buildings poses a serious challenge to the sustainability of urban living. It is of great significance to retrofit the existing residential buildings in order to improve the living quality. However, due to complexity of residential issues, retrofitting of existing residential areas is not only some simple revising and reconstructing projects of residential buildings and environments, but also multidimensional and interdisciplinary theoretic research and engineering practices. Thus, this research study, taking the residential buildings built between 1980 and 2000 in Northeast China as the research objects, attempts to systematically put forward a regenerative method that offers an overall sustainable retrofitting plan of residential buildings. This report, starting from investigating the complex issues of existing residential buildings, summarises the contradictions between the requirements from residents and current retrofitting approaches. Then, to resolve the contradictions, hierarchical theories, such as Open Building and Shearing Layers, are introduced based on documentary analysis and case studies. And finally, a sustainable regenerative design approach is proposed to hierarchically control the qualitative and quantitative retrofitting of existing residential buildings. The findings of this research will extend and improve the role of occupants' participation in the retrofitting of residential buildings. It can also provide methods for the achievement of the long-term effectiveness and environmental sustainability. 
Comparing Data-Driven Methods for Extracting Knowledge from User Generated Content. This analysis aimed to compare two techniques of business knowledge extraction for the identification of insights related to the improvement of digital marketing strategies on a sample of 15,731 tweets. The sample was extracted from user generated content (UGC) from Twitter using two methods based on knowledge extraction techniques for business. In Method 1, an algorithm to detect communities in complex networks was applied; this algorithm, in which we applied data visualization techniques for complex networks analysis, used the modularity of nodes to discover topics. In Method 2, a three-phase process was developed for knowledge extraction that included the application of a latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) model, a sentiment analysis (SA) that works with machine learning, and a data text mining (DTM) analysis technique. Finally, we compared the results of each of the two techniques to see whether or not the results yielded by these two methods regarding the analysis of companies' digital marketing strategies were mutually complementary. 
Feasibility Analysis of Flipped Classroom in Chinese Adult English Training. Flipped teaching has gained a growing popularity, starting from higher education and coming all the way down the academic pyramid to the primary schooling. Evidence has shown that positive results are produced in improving learning results. However, it remains to be seen whether these developments can be extended to the training outside of traditional academic settings and realize its full potential in adult English class. Therefore, essential features of the flipped classroom, adult English teachers, adult English learners and learning environment in the private language education institutions are presented to analyze the feasibility. 
The Cost and Benefit of Consuming in Smaller Bundles. Existing classical theory cannot explain consumer behavior of cutting consumption into smaller bundles instead of consuming everything in one bundle. We present a model that separates consumer behavior into two steps. At first, the consumer decides on the amount of working hours, which defines his income. In the second step, s/he decides on the number of consumption bundles. Since a consumer has larger utility when cutting consumption into smaller bundles, while on the other hand s/he faces higher costs when buying smaller bundles, s/he can take both factors into consideration when deciding on the optimal number of consumption bundles. 
Business Process Analysis and Simulation: The Contact Center of a Public Health and Social Information Office. This article proposes a framework, called BP-M* which includes: 1) a methodology to analyze, engineer, restructure and implement business processes, and 2) a process model that extends the process diagram with the specification of resources that execute the process activities, allocation policies, schedules, times of activities, management of queues in input to the activities and workloads so that the same model can be simulated by a discrete event simulator. The BP-M* framework has been applied to a real case study, a public Contact Center which provides different typologies of answers to users' requests. The simulation allows to study different system operating scenarios ("What-If" analysis) providing useful information for analysts to evaluate restructuring actions. 
The Impact of the 2007 Global Financial Crisis on IPO Performance in Asian-Pacific Emerging Markets. This report assesses the comparative impact of the 2007 global financial crisis on the short and long-term performance of initial public offerings (IPOs) in the Asian-Pacific emerging markets of Thailand, China, South Korea, and Malaysia. Our results indicate that the short-term performance or underpricing of Thai IPOs increased from 19% to 44% between the pre-crisis and post-crisis periods. IPOs in each of the three other emerging markets experienced a reduction in underpricing after the financial crisis. While our results are consistent with previous IPO research, the degree of underpricing in each emerging market exceeded the levels found in studies of IPOs in developed countries. In terms of the long-term performance of IPOs, our results suggest that IPOs in Thailand, China, and South Korea performed better in the post-crisis period, while Malaysian IPOs performed worse. Our overall findings suggest that the 2007 financial crisis affected IPO performance and economic growth in each of the markets studied. 
The Employment View of Graduates in Local University of China. Through literature review and open questionnaires, this research mainly explores the employment view of graduates in the local university of China, in order to find out the employment status and improve the employment pressure, so as to provide reference for the independent college graduate employment in the future. 
A Note on Forecasting the Rate of Change of the Price of Oil: Asymmetric Loss and Forecast Rationality. We study whether forecasts of the rate of change of the price of oil are rational. To this end, we consider a model that allows the shape of forecasters' loss function to be studied. The shape of forecasters' loss function may be consistent with a symmetric or an asymmetric loss function. We find that an asymmetric loss function often (but not always) makes forecasts look rational, and we also report that forecast rationality may have changed over time. 
Social Security Benefit Valuation, Risk, and Optimal Retirement. We develop valuation and risk techniques for the future benefits of a retiree who participates in the American Social Security program based on their chosen date of retirement, the term structure of interest rates, and forecasted life expectancy. These valuation methods are then used to determine the optimal retirement time of a beneficiary given a specific wage history and health profile in the sense of maximizing the present value of cash flows received during retirement years. We then examine how a number of risk factors including interest rates, disease diagnosis, and mortality risks impact benefit value. Specifically, we utilize principal component analysis in order to assess both interest rate and mortality risk. We then conduct numerical studies to examine how such risks range over distinct income and demographic groups and finally summarize future research directions. 
What role for knowledge-intensive business services (KIBS) in de-industrialized regions? What role for knowledge-intensive business services (KIBS) in de-industrialized regions?. this report provides insights into the structural role that knowledge-intensive business service (KiBS) small and medium-sized enterprises (SMes) play in de-industrialized regions in the uK at a critical time of change. it establishes what contribution KiBS make to their regional economies in terms of exports to other regions in the uK as well as abroad, but also what is their role in providing support to other sectors in their respective regions. the paper draws evidence from a survey of KiBS SMes in the north east and West Midlands conducted during the recent recession. the results exhibit a degree of wider generalizability to other regions, which may be characterized as de-industrialized. Results from the West Midlands and north east survey show that although KiBS play an important role in the local economic base of de-industrialized regions, they are not as important as their elite, tradable counterparts in global cities such as london. However, KiBS SMes in the north east and West Midlands provide important support to their regional clients, many of which are in the declining manufacturing and public service sectors. 
Asymmetric Return and Volatility Transmission in Conventional and Islamic Equities. This report analyses the interdependence between Islamic and conventional equities by taking into consideration the asymmetric effect of return and volatility transmission. We empirically investigate the decoupling hypothesis of Islamic and conventional equities and the potential contagion effect. We analyse the intra-market and inter-market spillover among Islamic and conventional equities across three major markets: the USA, the United Kingdom and Japan. Our sample period ranges from 1996 to 2015. In addition, we segregate our sample period into three sub-periods covering prior to the 2007 financial crisis, the crisis period and the post-crisis period. We find weak support for the decoupling hypothesis during the post-crisis period. 
Diversions: Obstacles for Undergraduate Students when Applying for Internship Positions Online. The objective of this research was to investigate how the decision of Brazilian university students to enroll (or not) in internships' selection processes would be affected by the form and content of the ads published in social media. Thus, a qualitative research was carried out through a multiple-case study. Data were collected in semi-structured interviews via Skype, as well as direct observations of eight individuals. The category Diversions presented the most relevant results shedding light as to how the interviewees' focus was shifted while searching for internship positions during their interviews. The title refers to how distractions make students stray from their intended search for internship positions. Instead, social media exerts a sort of magnetism that is more powerful than recruiting posts and ads, attracting their attention away from internship openings search, making them secondary. In conclusion, diversions were found to become obstacles for undergraduate students when applying for internship positions online. 
Industry Watch How to make money in the translation business. Machine Translation research suffered a major blow in the 1960s, but it came back with a vengeance. From a commercial point of view, it's now a mature technology that many Internet users take for granted. We look at where we are now, and consider the scope for new entrants into the market. 
Optimized Lossless Embedded Compression for Mobile Multimedia Applications. Power consumption is a critical design factor in modern mobile chip design, in which the memory system with dynamic random-access memory (DRAM) consumes more than half of the entire system's power. Without DRAM bandwidth compression, extreme multimedia operations such as 8K high dynamic range (HDR) recording and 8K video conference calling are not possible without sacrificing image quality or trimming because of thermal limitations or battery time sustainability constraints. Since heterogeneous processors are substantially involved in managing various types of fallbacks or software solutions, complicated compression algorithms for high-compression ratios are not actually adaptable owing to timing closure problems or high throughput requirements. In this report, we propose evaluation metrics to assess lossless embedded compression (LEC) algorithms to reflect realistic design considerations for mobile multimedia scenarios. Furthermore, we introduce an optimized LEC implementation for contemporary multimedia applications in mobile devices based on the proposed metrics. The proposed LEC implementation enhances the compression ratio of LEC algorithms in other commercial application processors for contemporary premium smartphones by up to 9. 2% on average, while maintaining the same timing closure condition. 
Analysis and Research on Local Government Debt Problems in China. As China is in the process of urbanization, local governments often assume the responsibility for the construction of most public facilities, and thus have strong investment needs. Under the current trend of large and growing local debts in China, local governments in all regions and at all levels in China have a lot of debt operations and complex debt relationships. The accumulation of local debts leads to the out-of-control of the scale of debts, which seriously affects the normal operation of government agencies and hinders the development of the economy, which is prone to huge financial risks and social conflicts. In order to control the risk of debt, the central government began to adopt a series of policies in 2018 to implement debt limit management for local governments, and the national local government debt limit was 21 trillion yuan. In this context, this report starts from the status quo and problems of local government debt, accurately analyzes the causes and mechanisms of debt formation, and proposes specific measures and methods to rationally control debt growth and reduce risks, in order to strengthen local government debt management and resolve social conflicts. This article provides guidance advice. 
Research on the Evolution of Supply Chain Finance Mode in the "Internet+" Era. With the great development of China e-commerce industry, more and more business transaction is moved from offline to online. Generated by a plenty series of transactions online, multi-dimensional user data are used to promote the evolution of the Internet finance mode. In the era of "in-ternet+", all industries are going through changes. The Internet process of supply chain finance also accelerates. Based on the different characteristics on participants, source of different evolution paths, this report gives an overall classification of supply chain finance under the background of internet, which includes supply chain finance "1 + N" mode dominated by commercial banks, supply chain finance web 2. 0, core enterprise and logistic company's extensive in supply chain finance. Finally, we analyze the characteristic of the different models and summarize the operational mechanism and development trend in the future. 
Institutional Quality, Economic Growth and Fluctuations of Oil Prices in Oil Dependent Countries: A Panel Cointegration Approach. The principle aim of this investigation is the study of fluctuations of oil prices impacts on economic growth of oil-dependent countries with respect to institutional quality. For this purpose we use panel cointegration methodology and error-correction model for 32 oil abundant countries covering the period 1975-2010. The result implies that fluctuations of oil prices impact on economic growth of countries depend on institutional quality index so that the impact of fluctuation is avoided by countries with sufficiently good institutions. More ever, the long-run ratio of investment to products effect is negative and small that shows the quality of investment projects is more importance than the quantity of them in the economic growth of these countries. The effect of trade openness on economic growth in the long-run is positive, statistically significant, and economically sizable. 
Business Cycles and Recessions in the OECD Area. Recessions are less frequent (10%), more volatile and less persistent than negative business cycles are (50%). In this article, OECD annual data are used to provide a taxonomy of postwar recessions, showing in particular the frequency, the features and the number of countries involved in major episodes. We shall also implement a simple way for inserting positive (or negative) growth cases into standard business cycle analysis, stressing in particular the importance of recessions for stabilization policies. This applies mostly to fiscal policies that risk otherwise to be more pro-cyclical than normally required. 
On the Order Form of the Fundamental Theorems of Asset Pricing. In this article, we provide an order-form of the First and the Second Fundamental Theorem of Asset Pricing both in the one-period market model for a finite and infinite state-space and in the case of multi-period model for a finite state-space and a finite time-horizon. The space of the financial positions is supposed to be a Banach lattice. We also prove relevant results in the case where the space of the financial positions is not ordered by a lattice cone. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Housing, Housing Finance and Credit Risk. This report investigates the determinants of credit risk from a broad perspective. Particular attention is given to the role of housing affordability and household indebtedness. However, the impact of credit market developments and regulations is also closely examined. Using a large panel of countries it is found that housing affordability and household fragility significantly affect the risk of banks' loan portfolios. In addition, an analysis of the conditional quantiles of non-performing loan ratios reveals that financial institutions in countries with greater levels of financial liberalization and less regulated markets also experience greater credit risk. 
Consumer social network brand identification and personal branding. How do social network users choose among brand sites?. Brands' social networking sites (fan pages) are increasingly attracting the attention of scientists and managers intrigued by their potential application for brand value creation. The aim of this research is to understand better how users choose among social networking sites as an act of brand identification. The study presents a new model whose structure of identification drivers for social networking brand sites varies for customer brand identification in the real and virtual worlds. The presented model reveals that personal branding is a planned effect of brand identification and it is crucial for brand value creation in social networks. 
The Allocation of Family Guanxi-Oriented Control Rights -Evidence from Family Listed Companies of Zhejiang China. Different from the market-oriented control mechanism in British and American, the guanxi-oriented control mechanism is a significant feature in Chinese family business. This report proposes the concept of family guanxioriented control rights allocation for the first time. Based on the analysis about the influencing factors of the family guanxi-oriented control rights allocation, we use the sample companies coming from Zhejiang province of China to do further discussion. We find that 1) the actual controllers of Zhejiang family listed companies mainly have blood relationship; 2) parts of companies allocate the control rights between the family members who have more than three kinds of guanxi; 3) the controlling families prefer to control the board of the listed companies; 4) the intergenerational succession of control rights in Zhejiang family listed companies has been highlighted. 
A Hierarchical Model of Mediation Effect of Motivation (MO) between Internal Marketing (IM) and Service Innovation (SI). This analysis investigates the mediation effect of motivation (MO) between internal marketing (IM) and service innovation (SI) using a hierarchical model. It adopts Bahman Group Corp of the automobile industry in Iran as a case study. This report aims to examine the effect of internal marketing (IM) on service innovation (SI) by the mediation effect of motivation (MO). It develops a theoretical hierarchical multi-component model and analyses through a two-step approach of higher-order model by using PLS on 171 clean data. This research uses a survey method to collect data from the employees of Bahman Group Corp. The results indicate that motivation (MO) has a partial mediation effect between internal marketing (IM) and service innovation (SI). This analysis illustrates that internal communication (IC) and a New Organizational Delivery system (NOD) have the most substantial effect on internal marketing (IM) and service innovation (SI). Moreover, this research highlights to the service-based organisation to pay more attention to enhance internal marketing dimensions, especially in terms of service innovation to improve competitiveness. The results recommend further studies to examine the correlation between each indicator. The findings conclude with two main contributions and managerial implication to the research area that impactful to the subject of study. 
What Kinds of Advantages and Disadvantages May Merging Health Insurance Funds Bring About? A Qualitative Policy Analysis from Iran CURRENT STATUS: UNDER REVIEW Nouroddin Rahimi Iran Health Insurance Organisation in Ilam. Background In countries with health insurance system, the number, the size of insurance funds and. 
Political Connection, Management Promotion and Risk Taking Activities. This report investigates how political connection and management promotion affect chances of risk-taking activities, in order to offer theoretical support for state-owned enterprises to select optimal managers, and to maintain and increase their company values. Using the data of chairman of state-owned listed enterprises in Shenzhen securities market, we find that in state-owned listed enterprises, the shorter the pyramid of listed enterprises to ultimate shareholders is, the closer the political connection is, the more likely the chairman is to take up risk-taking activities for promotion. While for the same pyramid, the longer the tenure of chairman, the more chances of risktaking activities. 
Research on the Construction of Inclusive Innovation Networks Keywords. Shared value creation concept emphasizes the future development of the enterprise to meet the needs of society into the core activities, create economic value by solving social problems, and make the bottom of the pyramid of low-income groups (BOP) markets for the practice of the concept and provide a comfortable environment. Based on six cases of enterprises operating in China's rural market, this report discusses how enterprises can achieve economic returns and create social value strategies and approaches at the same time. Results show that because the BOP market is empty obstacles, such as lack of value chain and the system, enterprises need to build the heterogeneity of organization, institutions and individuals inter-departmental cooperation network to overcome, in the end by connecting two ways to enhance the capacity and promote local market shared value creation. 
International Journal of Financial Studies What Are Investors Afraid of? Finding the Big Bad Wolf. The aim of financial institutions and regulators is to find an effective way to measure the risk profile of different segments of investors. Both economists and psychologists developed several methodologies to elicit and assess individual risk attitude, but these are not perfect and show several drawbacks when used in practice. Thanks to a unique database of around 15,000 investors, this report combines survey-based evidence with revealed preferences based upon observed asset allocation. This report confirms some results known in the literature like the gender and age differences in risk-taking. Moreover, the behavioral clustering approach used for the analysis is useful in an inferential framework. The segments built starting from the questionnaire permit to "forecast" the individual risk attitude that is described by the individual choices in terms of asset allocation. Loss aversion per se is a relevant variable in explaining financial risk-taking. 
Advice-seeking and advice-utilization for hiring decisions: An investigation of a partially outsourced recruitment process for rank-and-file managers. We study a large-scale, partially outsourced recruitment process. A specialized consultancy assesses applicants' soft-skills on behalf of a client firm, who retains agency over the hiring decision. We conceptualize this collaboration as an advice-seeking, advice-utilization process and analyze the effectiveness of hiring recommendations provided in influencing the client's hiring decisions. Two external HR specialists not only differ in their soft skill ratings, but also differ in their aggregation of these ratings into their hiring recommendations. The consultants' recommendations are particularly helpful in separating very suitable from clearly unsuitable candidates but are less effective in the mid-tier of the skill distribution. 
Research on the Development of China's Logistics. The purpose of this report is to explore the current state of China's logistics development and the future development. In order to fulfill the research objective, a literature-based survey and content analysis is used to investigate the development level of China's logistics research, also, second-hand data based statistical analysis is used as the main method to study the development of Chinese logistics in this report. While every effort has been made to ensure that the most up-to-date data is available in the analysis, this is not always possible due to the obvious reasons for data scarcity and data integrity. Despite the improvements and progress made by the government and other agencies, the current logistics infrastructure, especially the transportation network, customs procedures and warehousing facilities are still lacking. Future developments are also highlighted to portray an accurate assessment of China's logistics situation. This is the latest comprehensive research on the development of China's logistics in the known scope. It provides an opportunity for companies that want to enter the Chinese market to understand the development of China's logistics. 
Provisions in Metallurgical Industry and Financial Crisis # # # #. Provisions are common part of financial statements. There is not a must to disclose provisions -on the other hand -it is advisable to do so because of future expenses of "uncertain amount and timing" which can be expected. Provisions can be influenced very easily because of their very nature -they are just the best estimates of expenses the real height of which is currently unknown. The focus of this article's research is on the provisions in metallurgical industry: whether companies disclose provisions, in which amount and how has the financial crisis influenced disclosure of provisions. 
Is There a Kuznets Curve in China's Rural Area?-An Empirical Analysis on Provincial Panel Data. The academia always argue about whether there is a Kuznets curve for a long time, however, rare people care about Kuznets curve in countryside. The thesis first analyzes the possibility of the Kuznets curve in China' rural area theoretically; and then based on the provincial panel data, the thesis adopts fixed effect and random effect models to analyze the relationship between China's rural economic growth and income distribution inequality among rural residents, so as to verify whether the Kuznets curve is applicable in the rural area of our country. The results show that there is a Kuznets curve in the process of rural economic development in China, namely there is a reversed U-shaped relationship between rural economic growth and income inequality within rural residents. At the same time, the economic growth of most provinces has not yet reached the inflection point to reduce the income inequality degree. 
Competition And Real Activities Manipulation. We enrich the research on income manipulation by establishing a link among companies' price-setting control and the extent of real activities management. Examining three types of real activities management, the results reveal an interesting asymmetry in how companies employ income manipulation based on their pricing strength. We discover that companies with weaker price-setting clout employ larger manipulation of sales and production costs as a tool to manage income, while firms with more dominant pricing power prefer managing discretionary expenses. 
The development of the architectural form of a tower derived from a traditional and philosophical symbol, realized by solutions of high-class technologies. The case of the Bitexco Financial Tower. The Bitexco Financial Tower, majestically standing tall in the heart of Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, rejects the box-shaped, abstract forms of modernism, incorporating an innovative idea of contemporary architecture. Based on the inspiration from the Bitexco Group, a renowned architect designedthe tower that became an iconic landmark of the city in the form of a lotus bud, one of the most iconic symbols of Vietnamese culture since ancient times. High class structural system solution designed by top international professional teams enable the building to rise high with its graceful, statuesque design of the lotus flower shape. CNNGo recently ranked the Bitexco Financial Tower fifth in their listing of the world's 20 most-iconic skyscrapers. 
Perspective of Business Models and Innovation for Sustainability Transition in Hospitals. Hospitals have valuable resources but are have facedsignificant changes over recentdecades. 
Default Ambiguity. This report discusses ambiguity in the context of single-name credit risk. We focus on uncertainty in the default intensity but also discuss uncertainty in the recovery in a fractional recovery of the market value. This approach is a first step towards integrating uncertainty in credit-risky term structure models and can profit from its simplicity. We derive drift conditions in a Heath-Jarrow-Morton forward rate setting in the case of ambiguous default intensity in combination with zero recovery, and in the case of ambiguous fractional recovery of the market value. 
The effectiveness of web-based mobile health interventions in paediatric outpatient surgery: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. Aims: To evaluate the effectiveness of web-based mobile health interventions on paediatric patients and their parents in the day surgery context, where the primary outcome was children's pre-operative anxiety and secondary outcomes were postoperative pain and parents' anxiety and satisfaction with entire course of the day surgery. Design: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. Data Sources: CENTRAL, CINAHL, Scopus, Ovid MEDLINE, and Web of Science were systematically searched without time limits (up to December 2018). Review Methods: Studies were appraised using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. A random effect meta-analysis of children's pre-operative anxiety was performed. Results: Eight studies with a total of 722 patients were included in the analysis. The effectiveness of web-based mobile health interventions, including age-appropriate videos, web-based game apps, and educational preparation games made for the hospital environment, was examined in pre-operative settings. A meta-analysis (N = 560 children) based on six studies found a statistically significant reduction in pre-operative anxiety measured by the Modified Yale Pre-operative Anxiety Scale with a moderate effect size. Three studies reported parental satisfaction. Conclusion: Web-based mobile health interventions can reduce children's pre-operative anxiety and increase parental satisfaction. Web-based mobile health interventions could be considered as non-pharmacological distraction tools for children in nursing. There is not enough evidence regarding the effectiveness of reducing children's postoperative pain and parental anxiety using similar interventions. Impact: Web-based mobile health interventions reduce children's pre-operative anxiety and could therefore be considered as non-pharmacological distraction tools for children in nursing. 
Optimal Design of Cash Circulation Module Gear for Financial Machinery Based on Tribology. To achieve the characteristics of the cash cycle module of a financial machine, such as a compact transmission mechanism, high transmission accuracy, large torque, high rotation speed, high service temperature, no lubrication, and long service life, this work presented a solution to optimize the tooth shape of a thermoplastic gear and the design of a thermoplastic gear with a limit pressure angle of 35deg. rough the modeling and simulation analysis of the factors affecting the life of the gear, it was found that the gear with the improved tooth profile was superior to the control gear without the improved tooth profile in terms of sliding wear of the tooth surface, thermal deformation wear, and interference wear. e experimental results demonstrated that the wear resistance of a thermoplastic gear with a tooth profile of 35degwas 1. 1 times higher than that of the gear with a tooth profile of 20deg, which was consistent with the simulation analysis results and can be used as a theoretical basis for thermoplastic gear design in related fields. 
A Study on the Utilization of Clayey Soil as Embankment Material through Model Bearing Capacity Tests. The Saemangeum seawall, located on the western coast of Korea, is 33. 8 km long and is known as the longest embankment in the world. The Saemangeum project is underway for road, railway, and port constructions for internal development. In the Saemangeum area, suitable granular soil for embankment material is difficult to obtain. However, silty clay is widely distributed. In this analysis, a series of model-bearing capacity tests were conducted as a basic study for using clayey soils as embankment materials. The model bearing capacity tests were carried out using a standard metal mold and a customized metal box. The test results showed that clayey soil, with normal moisture content (NMC), exhibited a large deformation and low bearing capacity. However, when the clay was well-compacted, with optimum moisture content (OMC), it exhibited a higher bearing capacity than dense sand. In addition, when crushed gravel and composite geotextiles were placed in the clayey soil with NMC, the bearing capacity was higher than that of dense sand. From the viewpoint of the bearing capacity, it is considered that clayey soil can be used as an embankment material when clay, crushed gravel, and composite geotextiles are properly combined. 
O Calculo Socialista I: A Natureza e Historia do Problema * Socialist Calculation I: The Nature and History of the Problem. Resumo: Neste artigo, o autor aborda, de maneira historica e analitica, os principais elementos constitutivos e a evolucao das discussoes a respeito do problema do calculo economico em uma comunidade socialista. Apos uma cuidadosa clarificacao de conceitos, o autor procede a exposicao do argumento austriaco central de que o calculo economico racional somente e possivel em uma situacao na qual o sistema de precos para todos os bens e fatores de producao funciona em ambiente de livre concorrencia. Palavras-Chave: Teoria economica, Historia do pensamento economico, Problema do calculo socialista, Sistema de precos, Livre concorrencia. 
THE ECONOMICS OF LUCKINESS: HOW CRAZY ARE MALAYSIAN CHINESE TOWARDS CAR PLATE NUMBER "8"? HOCK-EAM LIM WOEI-CHYUAN WONG. The Chinese society is well-known for its obsession towards number "8". Eight is the luckiest number to the Chinese as its pronunciation resembles the meaning of prosperity, wealth or fortune. Prior research estimating the marginal effect of "8" on winning bid prices of car plate numbers attributes the positive impact of "8" on bid prices to superstitious value. However, the estimated positive effect could also be attributed to Veblen goods and future resale consideration. Thus, an upward bias might exist in prior research's estimation. This analysis aimed to circumvent this issue by comparing the marginal effect of all "8" car plate numbers of Malaysian Chinese bidders and their non-Chinese counterparts who are neutral towards number "8". Descriptive statistics results reveal that the majority of all "8" plates are won by Chinese bidders. However, regression results reveal that Chinese bidders have a lower estimated marginal effect of number eight than their non-Chinese counterparts. This implies that while number "8" is popular among the Chinese, this popularity does not translate into higher bidding prices. These findings suggest the roles of Veblen goods and future resale consideration should not be ignored in estimating the superstitious value in car plate numbers. 
Characterization of an Antioxidant and Antimicrobial Extract from Cool Climate, White Grape Marc. Valorization of agricultural waste has become increasingly important. Wastes generated by wineries are high in phenolic compounds with antioxidant and antibacterial properties, which contribute to phytotoxicity, making their immediate use for agricultural means limited. Utilizing a water-based extraction method, the phenolic compounds from winery waste were extracted and purified. The resulting extract was characterized for phenolic composition using high-pressure liquid chromatography-ultraviolet/visible and electrochemical detectors (HPLC-UV/Vis, ECD) for monomers, and spectral assessment of the tannins present using attenuated total reflectance-Fourier transform infrared (ATR-FTIR), FT-Raman, and solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance (SSNMR) spectroscopies. The extract's antioxidant activity was assessed by the scavenging of the 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) radical and Folin-Ciocalteu total phenolic assay, and was found to be as effective as a commercially obtained grape extract. The extract's antimicrobial efficacy was tested for minimum bactericidal concentration using Candida albicans, Escherichia coli 25922, and Staphylococcus aureus 6538, which resulted in greater efficacy against gram-positive bacteria as shown over gram-negative bacteria, which can be linked to both monomeric and tannin polyphenols, which have multiple modes of bactericidal action. 
Empirical Analysis in the Political Connection and the Performance of Merger and Acquisition. As the domestic capital market starts late, relative to perfect foreign capital markets, there is relatively less study on Merger and Acquisition (M & A), and there is more lacking in related research on the impact of non-economic factors such as corporate culture and political connection on the performance of M & A. This report supplements vacancy related fields through the study on impact of relations between enterprises and governments on the performance of M & A. Taking M & A events launched by China's A-share listed companies from 2007 to 2011 as samples, this report uses operating cash flow return on total assets to measure a company's performance and testing is performed by multiple regression analysis; the results show that the political connection degree of general manager or chairman has no significant impact on the performance after M & A, while has a significant positive impact on the performance of M & A in private enterprises. 
A Survey of the Effect of Social Media Marketing on Online Shopping of Customers by Mediating Variables. The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of social media marketing on online shopping of customers based on mediating role of value capital, relational capital and brand capital by path analysis method. 169 students of Tehran University were included in this analysis. They filled out the questionnaires of social media marketing, value capital, relational capital, brand capital and eshopping of customers. The results of path analysis showed that social media marketing had positive and significant impact on value capital, relational capital and brand capital. The direct effect of relational capital on value capital and brand capital was direct, positive and significant. Three variables of value capital, relational capital and brand capital had a direct and positive and significant effect on e-shopping of customers. Social media marketing had indirectly positive and significant impact on e-shopping of customers via value capital, relational capital and brand capital. Relational capital by value and brand capital had indirect, positive and significant impact on e-shopping of customers. Generally, the results of the present study supported mediating role value capital, relational capital and brand capital variables in relationship between social media and eshopping of customers. 
Long Run Returns Predictability and Volatility with Moving Averages. This report examines how the size of the rolling window, and the frequency used in moving average (MA) trading strategies, affects financial performance when risk is measured. We use the MA rule for market timing, that is, for when to buy stocks and when to shift to the risk-free rate. The important issue regarding the predictability of returns is assessed. It is found that performance improves, on average, when the rolling window is expanded and the data frequency is low. However, when the size of the rolling window reaches three years, the frequency loses its significance and all frequencies considered produce similar financial performance. Therefore, the results support stock returns predictability in the long run. The procedure takes account of the issues of variable persistence as we use only returns in the analysis. Therefore, we use the performance of MA rules as an instrument for testing returns predictability in financial stock markets. 
Equipment Maintenance Business Model Innovation for Sustainable Competitive Advantage in the Digitalization Context: Connotation, Types, and Measuring. The equipment maintenance services have become a new profit center and an important way to gain sustainable competitive advantage for manufacturing enterprises. The business model is an important tool for manufacturing enterprises to derive economic benefits from sustainable competitive advantage in the context of digitalization technologies, such as IoT, big data, and cloud computing. At present, the concept of equipment maintenance business model innovation is still vague, and it is rare to report on the innovation behaviors and types of equipment maintenance business models adopted by manufacturing enterprises. Based on literature analysis of equipment maintenance services and business model innovation, following business model gestalt theory, the concept of equipment maintenance business model innovation is analyzed at the business-level, the types are divided into novel and efficient following value sources-"innovation and efficiency". The initial scale is developed through literature investigation, semi-structured interviews and expert reviews, and tested by exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis by using the data of two independent large-sample questionnaires. The results indicate that the behavior and types of equipment maintenance business model innovation can be described by two types and 19 items. 
Risk and Financial Management Estimating and Forecasting Generalized Fractional Long Memory Stochastic Volatility Models. This report considers a flexible class of time series models generated by Gegenbauer polynomials incorporating the long memory in stochastic volatility (SV) components in order to develop the General Long Memory SV (GLMSV) model. We examine the corresponding statistical properties of this model, discuss the spectral likelihood estimation and investigate the finite sample properties via Monte Carlo experiments. We provide empirical evidence by applying the GLMSV model to three exchange rate return series and conjecture that the results of out-of-sample forecasts adequately confirm the use of GLMSV model in certain financial applications. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Internal Control and SMEs' Sustainable Growth: The Moderating Role of Multiple Large Shareholders. Small and medium enterprises (SMEs) face more risks for sustainable growth due to a lack of resources than large firms in emerging economies. Hence, it is more likely for SMEs to look to risk management for survival in turbulent markets. As a tool of risk management, whether internal control indeed has contributions to the sustainable growth of SMEs, particularly conditional on multiple large shareholders, is empirically unexplored. Using a sample of SMEs listed in China, this analysis examines the relationship between internal control and sustainable growth, and assesses a moderating role of multiple large shareholders. The results show that effective internal control significantly promotes SMEs to achieve sustainable growth, and the effect is moderated by multiple large shareholders, suggesting that the role of internal control is more prominent in SMEs with multiple large shareholders. These results are robust to a battery of sensitivity tests. This analysis extends the literature by providing empirical evidence on the role of internal control in SMEs' sustainable growth. 
Fiscal Decentralization and Regional Financial Efficiency: An Empirical Analysis of Spatial Durbin Model. Based on panel data covering the period from 2003 to 2012 in China's 281 prefecture-level cities, we use superefficiency SBM model to measure regional financial efficiency and empirically test the spatial effects of fiscal decentralization on regional financial efficiency with SDM. The estimated results indicate that there exist significant spatial spillover effects among regional financial efficiency with the features of time inertia and spatial dependence. The positive promoting effect of fiscal decentralization on financial efficiency in local region depends on the symmetry between fiscal expenditure decentralization and revenue decentralization. Additionally, there exists inconsistency in the spatial effects of fiscal expenditure decentralization and revenue decentralization on financial efficiency in neighboring regions. The negative effect of fiscal revenue decentralization on financial efficiency in neighboring regions is more significant than that of fiscal expenditure decentralization. 
A Disaggregated Analysis of Wealth Status and Educational Attainment in Nigeria Using the Multinomial Logit Approach. For most studies that have been carried out, a country's level of income and aggregate wealth go a long way in shaping the overall welfare of citizens therein. This analysis seeks to investigate the relationship between wealth status and educational attainment, as a manifestation of income inequality, especially when the wealth status is disaggregated. With data obtained from the National Demographic and Health Survey (DHS) 2013 and the adoption of the multinomial logit model, this analysis captured exogenous variables such as wealth index, the core variable; household sex preference, a dummy variable that takes the value of 1 if a household prefers a male child and 0 otherwise; and place, another control variable. This analysis finds that there is a very significant relationship between wealth status and educational attainment, especially for the individual categories of wealth index, hence, educational inequality hinders the quest to achieve higher educational levels for individuals from low wealth families. This analysis therefore recommends that the government should engender state-based subsidized education cost programs that will be targeted at poor households, as well as intensify efforts in solidifying the overall educational framework in the country, especially in the rural areas bereft of facilities. 
A Review of the European Union Countries on Cross-border Mergers and Acquisitions Market. It is a well-known fact that the main objective of every corporation is to generate profits and enhance its shareholders' wealth. Corporate growth may be achieved either internally (through organic growth) or externally (through mergers and acquisitions). In parallel with global trends, corporate growth is achieved by crossborder mergers and acquisitions (M&As) that have increased dramatically in economies especially over the last few decades. It is also established that mergers and acquisitions come in wavesso far, six waves have been researched. The main aim of the presented paper is to analyse the activity of the European Union countries on the M&As market and to describe the main motives for cross-border M&As and how the performance of cross-merger M&As is measured. 
Periodicity of Cycle Time in a U-Shaped Production Line with Heterogeneous Workers under Carousel Allocation. A U-shaped production line with multiple machines and multiple workers is considered under carousel allocation in which all workers take charge of all machines in the same order. Nakade and Ohno (2003) show that, when the processing, operation and walking times are constant, the overall cycle time, which is a time interval between successive outputs of finished goods, is the greatest value of the maximal sum of the processing and operation times among machines and the time required for a worker to operate and walk around the production line without waiting for processing divided by the number of workers. In this report, it is considered that operation times at each machine may be different between workers. If processing time is short, it is expected that the overall cycle time will be equal to the time for a worker to operate and walk around the line divided by the number of workers. However, under some specified cases, the overall cycle time is longer than that of this time, and the overall cycle time changes periodically. From numerical examples, it is shown that the order of arrivals of workers at machine 1 affects the overall cycle time. We give some properties on the periodicity of cycle times and discuss about cycle times. 269 ousel allocation. In the case that operation times at each machine are different among workers, we investigate the cycle time. Under some specific cases, the cycle time changes periodically. We have some insights into the periodicity of the cycle time and discuss cycle times. For future research the condition that the cycle time changes periodically is derived. 
Risk-Neutral Pricing of European Call Options: A Specious Concept. Risk-neutral pricing of European call options is investigated from a mathematical point-of-view and is found to be a specious concept 1. Risk-neutral pricing of European call options is an approximation in which all terms of order value r a s - are ignored, where r a - is the risk premium and s is the volatility. 
Microeconomic Natural Law, Portfolio Principle and Economics Textbooks. This analysis explains that, after combining the microeconomic natural law with the portfolio principle and a few bases in general economic analyses, the capability of managing all fundamental challenges in business operation, financing, and marketing can be directly established in economics textbooks. It is impossible to cover all critical topics; however, restoring economics as the foundation of all major disciplines for economic management can still be practically achieved. More crucially, by endogenizing the economic environment, such new economic textbooks can guide the chaotic economic world back to its normal conditions. The illustrated methodology is still far from perfect because the real synergistic effects cannot be quantitatively studied, and natural and social environments are still treated as exogenous factors in the analytical framework. Clearly, economics still has numerous challenges to overcome. 
Analysis for Scale-Free Network Characteristics of Logistics Distribution Network. In this report, we first analyze the evolution of the logistics distribution network gradually from the simple to the complex, mainly based on distribution network and a typical third party logistics enterprise, establishing the relationship among nodes in the network. Calculating logistics distribution network node degree distribution by using MATLAB program, our computational results show that the node degree distribution of power law index meets the characteristics of scale-free network. Based on this feature, we establish model of the distribution of node formation and the client node distribution in the network. 
The Social Efficiency for Sustainability: European Cooperative Banking Analysis. This report seeks to establish the relationship between economic efficiency and social efficiency to analyze the sustainability of banking in Europe. The type-effect has been analyzed, as stakeholder value banks-cooperatives and saving banks-should not be less socially and economically efficient than commercial banks. This European analysis was made using the Bankscope database, as it provides a unique insight into the stakeholder view that clarifies, by an analysis of two-stage boundaries, that there is no single model of social and economic efficiency according to the type of financial entity in Europe. These findings contribute to the social cost paradox and shared value perspective, and more broadly to stakeholder theory. It is established that a tradeoff between economic and social efficiency is not needed. There are different behaviors in different European countries. Moreover, our results could lead to the development of social indicators of the sustainability aspects of organizations without resorting to traditional accounting. 
Can improved agricultural technologies spur a green revolution in Africa? A multicountry analysis of seed and fertilizer delivery systems. Sub-Saharan Africa faces low agricultural productivity amid a confluence of trends that include rapid population growth, climate change, and the rise of the middle class. To raise productivity, governments-in partnership with donors and development organizations-have launched numerous initiatives to encourage the development of sustainable and competitive agricultural input markets. Despite these efforts, markets remain underdeveloped in most countries and access to affordable seeds and fertilizers remains a major challenge for smallholder farmers. This report explores evidence from recent multicountry analyses of input delivery systems to assess the possibility of a Green Revolution in Africa. It describes use and adoption levels, challenges, policy and regulatory issues, and investments needed to expand smallholder access to these productivity-enhancing agricultural technologies. 
Social Responsibility Practices in the Marketing of Loans by Microfinance Companies in Ghana, the Views of the Customer. Microfinance companies provide loans and other facilities like savings, insurance, and transfer services to poor low-income household and microenterprises. It is expected that by the nature of their customers and services, microfinance companies will be strictly socially responsible in dealing with customers to protect and preserve their rights, but this is not always the case. This research observes the views and concerns of customers about the social responsibility practices of microfinance companies in Ghana, especially, the customer's right to be informed, to be safe, to choose, and to be heard. The sample is drawn from two major cities, the Accra Metropolis and Kumasi Metropolis of Ghana, and the respondents constitute past and present customers of microfinance companies providing services under the Tier-2 category of microfinance institutions in Ghana. The analysis of the data shows that respondents perceive microfinance companies having transacted with not doing much to ensure that the customer's rights are protected. Based on the analysis and results of the survey, recommendations are made to managers of microfinance companies and the Ghana Association of Microfinance companies. 
Managerial style in cost asymmetry and shareholder value. We show that CEOs' contribution to SG&A cost asymmetry is associated with lower shareholder value. CEO-related excess SG&A cost stickiness of CEOs with compensation less tied to shareholder value creation and high power drive this association. 
Does E-Commerce Provide a Sustained Competitive Advantage? An Investigation of Survival and Sustainability in Growth-Oriented Enterprises. Enterprises should find a new business model for their development, so as to make better use of their own advantages. At the same time, with rapid development of the economy and of science technology, the competition between small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and large enterprises is inevitable, so it is very important for small and medium-sized enterprises to find better ways to improve their ability to compete. E-commerce is a new medium of commerce in this 21st century, so as to promote the quantity development of SMEs and enhance the risk management ability of enterprises. However, at present, many of China's small and medium enterprises face many challenges in the process of electronic commerce's development, such as, which factors hinder the performance of electronic commerce, and what aspect of enterprises should be improved? This report is based on the above problems, using theoretical analysis and empirical research methods to explore the root of these problems and find the solutions. In the empirical section, we explore how e-commerce influences sales growth in the short-and long-term. Through analysis of e-commerce performance, we further explore the causality relationship and influence degree. The results show that: first, IT Investment is the most important factor to achieve success, what competitive advantage can be achieved largely depends on whether enterprises will effectively use the network technology; second, the expansion of the enterprise size can promote transaction volume increase of SMEs in the short term; third, internet availability OPEN ACCESS Sustainability 2015, 7 1412 has a positive effect on the trade volume of e-commerce, but the intensity is not obvious, and the effect is relatively stable. 
Welfare Impact of Wheat Farmers Participation in the Value Chain in Tanzania. The paper examines the link between value chain participation and welfare changes for wheat farmers in Tanzania. Specifically, the paper analyzes the wheat value chain from production to consumption, explores participation in the value chain, and examines the net effect of farmers' participation in the value chain. A logistic model is used to explore the factors influencing farmers' participation in the value chain and to estimate propensity scores to match the covariates for participants and nonparticipants. Applying the nearest neighbor and caliper radius matching algorithms found that only a few farmers are vertically (~17%) and horizontally (~39%) coordinated based on participation in contracts and associations, respectively. At the vertical coordination level, characteristics are significantly different for farmers with and without contracts in terms of land size, technical efficiency, allocative efficiency, output per acre, frequency of extension visits, frequency of village meetings attendance, and off-farm income. At the horizontal coordination level, farmers who join associations differ significantly from nonmembers in terms of level of education, frequency of village meetings attendance, output per acre, technical efficiency, and allocative efficiency. Vertical coordination participants receive a profit of 126 TSh/kg more for wheat than nonparticipants, with the difference significant at the 1% level. Horizontal coordination participants receive a profit of 46 TSh/kg more for wheat than nonparticipants, with the difference significant at the 5% level. The sensitivity analysis reveals that farmers' participation in the value chain is generally insensitive to unobserved covariates. The findings suggest that establishing more contracts and stronger associations that specifically deal with wheat production has a positive impact on farmers' welfare. 
Electronics Examination of the Protection Offered by Current Accessibility Acts and Guidelines to People with Disabilities in Using Information Technology Devices. Today, information technology (IT) products are extensively used in everyday life; however, disabled people still experience difficulties in using them. To ensure the equal use of IT products by people with disabilities, various laws/guidelines/standards have been established. In particular, Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act, 21st-Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act, the European Accessibility Act, and the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines strongly influence IT product sales and, hence, have been included in the scope of this research. This analysis analyzed the main accessibility provisions/guidelines from the user experience (UX) perspective and the IT device difficulties that are addressed by the provisions/guidelines. Accordingly, the study used the IT interaction disability concept, which analyzes the comprehensive difficulties associated with the use of an IT device from the perspective of interaction, to map each task-user interface-context factor. Finally, this analysis suggests the aspects to be considered while establishing accessibility provisions/guidelines. Moreover, it clarifies the provisions and guidelines for IT product designers and developers by analyzing them from the UX perspective. 
Induced Land Use Emissions due to First and Second Generation Biofuels and Uncertainty in Land Use Emission Factors. Much research has estimated induced land use changes (ILUCs) and emissions for first generation biofuels. Relatively little has provided estimates for the second generation biofuels. This report estimates ILUC emissions for the first and second generation biofuels. Estimated ILUC emissions are uncertain not only because their associated land use changes are uncertain, but also because of uncertainty in the land use emission factors (EFs). This report also examines uncertainties related to these factors. The results suggest that converting crop residues to biofuel has no significant ILUC emissions, but that is not the case for dedicated energy crops. Use of dedicated energy crops transfers managed natural land and marginal land (cropland-pasture) to crop production. Producing biogasoline from miscanthus generates the lowest land requirement among alterative pathways. The largest land requirement is associated with switchgrass. The difference is due largely to the assumed yields of switchgrass and miscanthus. The three major conclusions from uncertainty in emissions analyses are (1) inclusion or exclusion of cropland-pasture makes a huge difference; (2) changes in soil carbon sequestration due to changes in land cover vegetation play an important role; and (3) there is wide divergence among the emission factor sources, especially for dedicated crop conversion to ethanol. 
Internet Districts in Italy: Is Proximity an Antidote against Weak Broadband Competition?. We study the effects of proximity in the interconnections between Internet providers participating at the three main Italian Internet Exchange Points. We find that geographical proximity plays a role in driving Internet Providers' interconnection, positively affecting the likelihood of an agreement. This suggests the existence of localized positive externalities in the form of mutual knowledge and reputation, one of the cited drivers underlying the formation of districts in non high-tech industries. We interpret these findings as resulting from the necessity for cooperation in interconnection between smaller providers facing the weak competitiveness of the highly concentrated Italian broadband access market. 
Improvement of airborne retrievals of cloud droplet number concentration of trade wind cumulus using a synergetic approach. In situ measurements of cloud droplet number concentration N are limited by the sampled cloud volume. Satellite retrievals of N suffer from inherent uncertainties, spatial averaging, and retrieval problems arising from the commonly assumed strictly adiabatic vertical profiles of cloud properties. To improve retrievals of N it is suggested in this report to use a synergetic combination of passive and active airborne remote sensing measurement, to reduce the uncertainty of N retrievals, and to bridge the gap between in situ cloud sampling and global averaging. For this purpose, spectral solar radiation measurements above shallow trade wind cumulus were combined with passive microwave and active radar and lidar observations carried out during the second Next Generation Remote Sensing for Validation Studies (NARVAL-II) campaign with the High Altitude and Long Range Research Aircraft (HALO) in August 2016. The common technique to retrieve N is refined by including combined measurements and retrievals of cloud optical thickness t , liquid water path (LWP), cloud droplet effective radius r eff , and cloud base and top altitude. Three approaches are tested and applied to synthetic measurements and two cloud scenarios observed during NARVAL-II. Using the new combined retrieval technique, errors in N due to the adiabatic assumption have been reduced significantly. 
Social class, gender and ethnic differences in subjects taken at age 14. In this report, we identify patterns of subject and qualification choices made at age 14. Much of the previous research on 'subject choice' has focussed on the later stages of educational trajectories, particularly Higher Education. However, the choices made at early branching points can limit pupils' subsequent options, potentially contributing to educational inequalities. This report identifies the patterns of General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) subjects chosen by a cohort of young people born in 1989/1990. We make use of the Next Steps data (formerly the Longitudinal Study of Young People in England (LSYPE)) which is linked to the National Pupil Database. We develop an approach to measuring the academic selectivity of subjects and qualifications. We examine the roles of social class, parental education, income, gender and ethnicity in determining participation in these curriculum groupings. Using measures of prior attainment from age thirteen, we address the question of whether curriculum differentials simply reflect differences in prior attainment or whether they actually operate above and beyond existing inequalities. We find clear socio-economic, gender, ethnic and school-level differences in subjects studied which cannot be accounted for by prior attainment. 
Correlation between Mental Health and Traditional Chinese Medicine Constitutions: An Analysis Based on a Sample from a Tertiary Hospital Female Nurses of China. Objective: This analysis aimed to explore the relationship between traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) constitution and mental health levels of nursing staff in a general hospital. Methods: After random selection, 209 nursing staff were included to evaluate TCM constitution and mental health level through a TCM constitution checklist and the SCL-90. Results: 1) There were 102 cases (48. 8%) of balanced constitution and 107 cases of biased constitution (51. 2%). 2) The mental health status of the nursing staff was distributed as follows: suspected or mild (56. 5%), moderate (17. 2%), and severe (3. 8%). 3) In the correlation analysis between mental health status and TCM constitution, interpersonal sensitivity, phobia, and paranoia were negatively correlated with normal constitution and positively correlated with biased constitution. Conclusion: The mental health status of nursing staff is poor, and biased constitution may be a risk factor for their mental health. Intervention in biased constitutions may therefore improve the mental health of nursing staff. 
Culture and Business: How Can Cultural Psychologists Contribute to Research on Behaviors in the Marketplace and Workplace?. Cultural psychology has great potential to expand its research frameworks to more applied research fields in business such as marketing and organizational studies while going beyond basic psychological processes to more complex social practices. In fact, the number of cross-cultural business studies has grown constantly over the past 20 years. Nonetheless, the theoretical and methodological closeness between cultural psychology and these business-oriented studies has not been fully recognized by scholars in cultural psychology. In this report, we briefly introduce six representative cultural constructs commonly applied in business research, which include (1) individualism vs. collectivism, (2) independence vs. interdependence, (3) analytic vs. holistic cognition, (4) vertical vs. horizontal orientation, (5) tightness vs. looseness, and (6) strong vs. weak uncertainty avoidance. We plot the constructs on a chart to conceptually represent a common ground between cultural psychology and business research. We then review some representative empirical studies from the research fields of marketing and organizational studies which utilize at least one of these six constructs in their research frameworks. At the end of the paper, we recommend some future directions for further advancing collaboration with scholars in the field of marketing and organizational studies, while referring to theoretical and methodological issues. 
HI-Sky: Hash Index-Based Skyline Query Processing. The skyline query has recently attracted a considerable amount of research interest in several fields. The query conducts computations using the domination test, where "domination" means that a data point does not have a worse value than others in any dimension, and has a better value in at least one dimension. Therefore, the skyline query can be used to construct efficient queries based on data from a variety of fields. However, when the number of dimensions or the amount of data increases, naive skyline queries lead to a degradation in overall performance owing to the higher cost of comparisons among data. Several methods using index structures have been proposed to solve this problem but have not improved the performance of skyline queries because their indices are heavily influenced by the dimensionality and data amount. Therefore, in this analysis, we propose HI-Sky, a method that can perform quick skyline computations by using the hash index to overcome the above shortcomings. HI-Sky effectively manages data through the hash index and significantly improves performance by effectively eliminating unnecessary data comparisons when computing the skyline. We provide the theoretical background for HI-Sky and verify its improvement in skyline query performance through comparisons with prevalent methods. large amount of high-dimensional data, a more efficient method is required to improve performance relative to existing methods. 
The Development Strategy of E-Commerce Logistics in Beijing. Warehouse explosion phenomenon" of e-commerce, the last one kilometer electricity supplier logistics problems and high cost of logistics and other issues, has become a troubled electricity supplier and logistics companies the biggest problem. Therefore the major commercial enterprises have chosen enterprise logistics operation model according to the different characteristics of their respective enterprises. This report analyzed the present situation and characteristics of e-commerce logistics in Beijing, and put forward the Countermeasures for the development of ecommerce logistics in Beijing. The countermeasures of the integration development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, e-commerce logistics business model and the policy measures should greatly promote the development the e-commerce in Beijing. 
Unequal Social Protection under the Federalist System: Three Unemployment Insurance Approaches in the United States, 2007-2015. Despite the increased attention paid to federal-state unemployment insurance (UI) schemes after the Great Recession (-), research examining the policy characteristics and the underlying logic shaping the social protection provided by a federal-state UI system is limited. Integrating the perspectives of policy design theory, comparative welfare politics, and fiscal welfare, this report examines the unequal social protection under the American UI system during and after the Great Recession. By using model-based cluster analysis and fixed-effect panel regression models, this report identifies three distinct UI approaches, i. e. the limited social protection approach, the unbalanced social protection approach, and the balanced social protection approach. The policy choices made by those states that follow the three approaches reflect different mixtures of policy logic, including social protection, economic stabilization, work disincentives, and interstate competition. The overall downward trend in social protection signals that the American UI system is under-prepared for the next economic recession, thereby exposing unemployed workers to the risk of economic insecurity. These findings provide implications for future policy designs aiming to strengthen the social protection of the federal-state UI system. 
Design of Financial Market Regulations against Large Price Fluctuations Using by Artificial Market Simulations *. We built an artificial market model and compared effects of price variation limits, short selling regulations and up-tick rules. In the case without the regulations, the price fell to below a fundamental value when an economic crush occurred. On the other hand, in the case with the regulations, this overshooting did not occur. However, the short selling regulation and the up-tick rule caused the trading prices to be higher than the fundamental value. We also surveyed an adequate limitation price range and an adequate limitation time span for the price variation limit and found a parameters' condition of the price variation limit to prevent the over-shorts. We also showed the limitation price range should be bigger than a volatility calculated by the limitation time span. 
Characterizing Mental Health Treatment Utilization among Individuals Exposed to the 2001 World Trade Center Terrorist Attacks 14-15 Years Post-Disaster. Following the World Trade Center (WTC) attacks in New York City (NYC) on 11 September 2001 (9/11), thousands in NYC experienced significant stress reactions and disorders, presenting an immediate need for counseling and treatment. While other studies documented post-9/11 mental health treatment utilization, none have data more than two years post-disaster. We used data from 35,629 enrollees of the WTC Health Registry, a longitudinal cohort study of those exposed to the WTC attacks, to examine predictors of counseling after 9/11, the types of practitioners seen, and the perceived helpfulness of therapy up to 15 years post-disaster. Among enrollees, 37. 7% reported receiving counseling at some time after 9/11. Predictors of seeking counseling included race/ethnicity, age at 9/11, education level, exposure to the WTC attacks, other traumatic experiences, mental health symptomology, and pre-9/11 counseling. Whites and Hispanics, those who were children on 9/11, and those with high levels of exposure to the WTC attacks sought counseling soonest after 9/11. Among those who sought counseling, Blacks, Asians, and those with lower education and income were less likely to see mental health specialists and more likely to see general practitioners or religious advisors. Finally, among those who sought recent counseling, women, Blacks, those aged >=65 years, and those with very high WTC exposures were more likely to rate their recent counseling as very helpful. This analysis used data up to 15 years post-disaster to document mental health treatment utilization patterns, trends, and disparities that have implications for future preparedness plans and needs assessments. 
Analytical Current-Voltage Model for Gate-All-Around Transistor with Poly-Crystalline Silicon Channel. Poly-crystalline silicon channel transistors have been used as a display TFT for a long time and have recently been used in a 3D vertical NAND Flash which is a transistor with 2D plane NAND upright. In addition, multi-gate transistors such as FinFETs and a gate-all-around (GAA) structure has been used to suppress the short-channel effects for logic/analog and memory applications. Compact models for poly-crystalline silicon (poly-silicon) channel planar TFTs and single crystalline silicon channel GAA MOSFETs have been developed separately, however, there are few models consider these two physics at the same time. In this work, we derived new analytical current-voltage model for GAA transistor with poly-silicon channel by considering the cylindrical coordinates and the grain boundary effect. Based on the derived formula, the compact I-V model for various operating regions and threshold voltage was proposed for the first time. The proposed model was compared with the measured data and good agreements were observed. 
Lean and Industry 4. 0-Twins, Partners, or Contenders? A Due Clarification Regarding the Supposed Clash of Two Production Systems. Although Lean manufacturing techniques are not yet in place in every shop floor production, the so-called Smart Factory with the very promising German-coined label "Industry 4. 0" is already making its tour. While the Toyota Production System (TPS) has shown to be the most performant manufacturing system, the Industry 4. 0 initiative is still in the scoping phase with the demanding goal to become a highly integrated cyber production system. The partial and often limited knowledge about Lean production leads to distorted ideas that the two approaches are incompatible. In order to eradicate wrong statements, this report tries to explain what Lean really is and how it has to be considered in the context of the Industry 4. 0 initiative. Further, it discusses the existing contradiction within the Industry 4. 0 goals regarding manufacturing performance and break-even point. 
Intercity Bus Scheduling for the Saudi Public Transport Company to Maximize Profit and Yield Additional Revenue. The Saudi Public Transport Company (SAPTCO) intercity bus schedule comprises a list of 382 major trips per day to over 250 cities and villages with 338 buses. SAPTCO operates Mercedes 404 SHD and Mercedes 404 RI-IL fleet types for the intercity trip. The fleet assignment model developed by American Airlines was adapted and applied to a sample of the intercity bus schedule. The results showed a substantial saving of 29% in the total number of needed buses. This encourages the decision makers at SAPTCO to use only Mercedes 404 SHD fleet type. Hence, the fleet assignment model was modified to incorporate only one fleet type and applied to the sample example. Due to the increase in the problem size, the model was decomposed by stations. Finally, the modified decomposed model was applied to the whole schedule. The model results showed a saving of 16. 5% in the total number of needed buses of Mercedes 404 SHD. A sensitivity analysis was carried out and showed that the predefined minimum connection time is critical for model efficiency. A modification to the connection time for 11 stations showed a saving of 14 more buses. Considering our recommendation of performing a field study of the trip connection time for every station, the expected saving of the total number of needed buses will be about 27. 4% (90 buses). This will yield a net saving of 16. 44 million Saudi Riyals (USD 4. 4 million) per year for SAPTCO in addition to hiring new employees. The revenue analysis shows that these 90 surplus buses will yield about USD 20,744,000 additional revenue yearly. 
Modelling and Forecasting Unbiased Extreme Value Volatility Estimator: A Study Based on EUR/USD Exchange Rate. The paper provides a framework to model and forecast volatility of EUR/USD exchange rate based on the unbiased AddRS estimator as proposed by Kumar and Maheswaran [1]. The framework is based on the heterogeneous autoregressive (HAR) model to capture the heterogeneity in a market and to account for long memory in data. The results indicate that the framework based on the unbiased extreme value volatility estimator generates more accurate forecasts of daily volatility in comparison to alternative volatility models. 
The Impact of Bank Health on Coordination among Creditors. We investigate how the health of a relationship bank impacts upon coordination among creditors and how it affects the firm's behavior. We show that if the relationship bank is healthy, creditors coordinate each other and the firm takes an efficient action but if it becomes financially distressed, a coordination problem arises ex post and the inefficient liquidation of the firm's projects may occur. This coordination failure, in turn, increases the interest payments ex ante so that the firm is more likely to choose an inefficient action. 
Symmetric Stability in Symmetric Games. The idea of symmetric stability of symmetric equilibria is introduced which is relevant, e. g. , for the comparative-statics of symmetric equilibria with symmetric shocks. I show that symmetric stability can be expressed in a two-player reduced-form version of the N-player game, derive an elementary relation between symmetric stability and the existence of exactly one symmetric equilibrium, and apply symmetric stability to a two-dimensional N-player contest. 
Company Value with Ruin Constraint in Lundberg Models. In this note we study the problem of company values with a ruin constraint in classical continuous time Lundberg models. For this, we adapt the methods and results for discrete de Finetti models to time and state continuous Lundberg models. The policy improvement method works also in continuous models, but it is slow and needs discretization. Better results can be obtained faster using the barrier method for discrete models which can be adjusted for Lundberg models. In this method, dividend strategies are considered which are based on barrier sequences. In our continuous state model, optimal barriers can be computed with the Lagrange method leading to a backward recursion scheme. The resulting dividend strategies will not always be optimal: in the case without ruin constraint, there are examples in which band strategies are superior. We also develop equations for optimal control of dynamic reinsurance to maximize the company value under a ruin constraint. These identify the optimal reinsurance strategy in no action regions and allow for an interactive computation of the value function. We apply the methods in a numerical example with exponential claims. 
From Early Trade and Communication Networks to the Internet, the Internet of Things and the Global Intelligent Machine (GIM). The present paper offers a sketch of the history of networks from the Stone Age until the present. I argue that man is a creator of networks, a homo reticulorum. Over the course of time more and more networks were created and they have become increasingly technologized. It seems inevitable that they will all be incorporated in the successor of the Internet of Things, the Global Intelligent Machine (GIM). 2. 
Service-Learning for Sustainability Entrepreneurship in Rural Areas: What Is Its Global Impact on Business University Students?. Service-Learning (SL) is a teaching innovation method that combines learning and social service objectives to improve educational quality and graduate employability. To date, there are hardly any studies on its global impact on university students. This report describes and evaluates an SL experience for Sustainability Entrepreneurship in the context of Spanish Higher Education. Based on knowledge acquired in classrooms, multi-disciplinary teams of students from different subjects related to Business Administration offered support to potential entrepreneurs from rural municipalities in the complex task of writing a successful Business Plan for their projects for local sustainability. Within this academic framework, our study has two goals: (1) to assess the self-perception of university students about the improvement in their curricular development, professional skills and civic-social responsibility after participating in the SL experience; and (2) to estimate its possible effect on academic performance. The results show that the students acknowledged they had improved their social and sustainability commitment and their curricular development, and had acquired skills that society increasingly demands from future business professionals. Furthermore, service-students achieved significantly higher academic performance than a control group of non-participating students. These findings highlight the effectiveness of SL to provide a more holistic education for business university students. 
Lexicon Creation for Financial Sentiment Analysis Using Network Embedding. In this analysis, we aim to construct a polarity dictionary specialized for the analysis of financial policies. Based on an idea that polarity words are likely located in the secondary proximity in the dependency network, we proposed an automatic dictionary construction method using secondary LINE (Large-scale Information Network Embedding) that is a network representation learning method to quantify relationship. The results suggested the possibility of constructing a dictionary using distributed representation by LINE. We also confirmed that a distributed representation with a property different from the distributed representation by the CBOW (Continuous Bag of Word) model was acquired and analyzed the differences between the distributed representation using LINE and the distributed representation using the CBOW model. Journal of Mathematical Finance international politics and news, and can reflect recent events more quickly. A. 
Research on the Public Land Management in the United States and Its Reference for China. The public land management in the United States has experienced these processes: extensive management to encourage land privatization-beginning to pay attention to the protection of public lands-protective development of public land. This article aims to explore the similarities and differences between China and the United States in the management of public land. From the perspective of organization, law and public interest, it provides reference for China's land management theory and practice. This report found that at present, the features of public land management in USA are sound management institutions, complete laws and regulations, strict land use management system, strict implementation of paid land use, and implementation of public regulation of non-ownership. The legal system of land in the United States, the strict programming of land planning and the land property and market system are worthy of learning. 
The Transformation by Catalysis of Prebiotic Chemical Systems to Useful Biochemicals: A Perspective Based on IR Spectroscopy of the Primary Chemicals: I. The Synthesis of Peptides by the Condensation of Amino Acids. It is now widely speculated that life originated at the "Black Smokers" of the undersea hydrothermal vents, where conditions exist for the formation of the primary ingredients and their subsequent transformation to higher biotic species such as amino acids, alcohols, etc. Any possible routes for the prebiotic oligomerization of simple compounds like amino acids, necessary for cell formation, has so far not been well understood. However, Leman et al. recently reported that under standard laboratory conditions carbonyl sulfide (COS) can "mediate" the oligomerization of simple amino acids in moderate yield. COS being a well-known volcanic gas points to its possible role in prebiotic peptide formation in the environment of the hydrothermal vents. Based on a previously developed and tested model for selective (vibrational) energy transfer (SET), we show that a COS-catalyzed condensation of a-amino-acids can lead to the formation of polypeptides. We also indicate that other agents can act as catalysts of the amino acid condensation, such as Fe(CN) 6 3- and cyanamide (H 2 N-CN). This is related to the existence of vibrations with a frequency near to that of the critical vibration of the reactant, w (NH 2 ). This wagging vibration occurs at 1048 +- 10 cm -1 (the mean value of Cu and Ni complexes) and, as the vibration of the presumed catalyst lies at 2079 cm -1 , one notes that one quantum of the catalyst equals two quanta of the NH 2 wagging: 2079/2 x 1048 = 0. 9919. This is a good indication of a resonance. 
Protocol: a versatile, inexpensive, high-throughput plant genomic DNA extraction method suitable for genotyping-by-sequencing. Background: The recent development of next-generation sequencing DNA marker technologies, such as genotyping-by-sequencing (GBS), generates thousands of informative single nucleotide polymorphism markers in almost any species, regardless of genomic resources. This enables poorly resourced or "orphan" crops/species access to highdensity, high-throughput marker platforms which have revolutionised population genetics studies and plant breeding. DNA quality underpins success of GBS methods as the DNA must be amenable to restriction enzyme digestion and sequencing. A barrier to implementing GBS technologies is access to inexpensive, high-throughput extraction methods that yield sequencing-quality genomic DNA (gDNA) from plants. Several high-throughput DNA extraction methods are available, but typically provide low yield or poor quality gDNA, or are costly (US$6-$9/sample) for consumables. 
In this report, we analyze the effects of productive specialization and productive diversity on employment growth at the local level during the Great Recession in Aragon, a NUTS II region in Spain. This region is characterized by (i) a high population density in the capital city (around half of the total population), giving rise to a very uneven population distribution and therefore a lot of small cities and municipalities, and (ii) a large proportion of small businesses (95% of the firms in this region have fewer than ten employees). We use annual data from 2000 to 2015 and panel data models, and grouped local business activities into three main categories: industry, construction and services. Our results show that, during this period, local specialization in any of these activities hurt local employment growth, whereas diversity had a non-significant effect on employment growth. Only in the case of services did we obtain a positive effect of diversity on local employment growth, which was restricted to the most populated cities (i. e. , cities with more than 3000 inhabitants). Therefore, only diversity in services activities located in large cities contributed to employment growth during the Great Recession. 
The Submissive Relationship of Public Health to Government, Politics, and Economics: How Global Health Diplomacy and Engaged Followership Compromise Humanitarian Relief. This report describes efforts by public health practitioners to address a health crisis caused by economic development policies that are unrestrained by either environmental, public health, or human rights mandates. Economic development projects funded by international funding institutions like the Inter-American Development Bank that reduce poverty when measured in terms of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita in the transborder region between Suriname and French Guiana harm minority populations where commercial activities destroy, alter, and remove the resources upon which local communities depend. In this analysis, the structural causes of a community health crisis affecting Indigenous people in the transborder region between Suriname and French Guiana was addressed by seeking gatekeepers in government who have access to policy-making processes. We found that deeply rooted economic development policies structured social, economic, and political alliances and made them resistant to feedback and reform. We concluded that work must be focused beyond the simple exchange of public health information. Public health practitioners must become politically active to create new policy commitments and new patterns of governance that advance development as well as improve health outcomes. Failure to do so may result in public health practitioners becoming 'engaged followers' that are complicit in the inhumanity that springs from their acquiescence to the authority of government officials when their policies are the cause of preventable death, disease, and disability. 
Citation: A Probiotic Mixture Regulates T Cell Balance and Reduces Atopic Dermatitis Symptoms in Mice. Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder with a complex etiology involving the immune response. Recent studies have demonstrated the role of certain probiotics in the treatment and prevention of AD. However, the mechanism by which these probiotics regulate the immune system remains unclear. In this analysis, we examined the immunomodulatory capacity of Duolac ATP, a mixed formulation of probiotics, both in vitro and in vivo. Results showed that the expression of programmed death-ligand 1(PD-L1) was significantly upregulated on bone marrow-derived dendritic cells (BMDCs) treated with Duolac ATP. Furthermore, the anti-inflammatory cytokines IL-10 and TGF-beta were both upregulated when BMDCs were treated with Duolac ATP. The percentage of proliferated regulatory T cells (Tregs) was enhanced when CD4 + T cells were co-cultured with Duolac ATP-treated BMDCs on plates coated with anti-CD3/CD28 antibodies. Intriguingly, IL-10 secretion from CD4 + T cells was also observed. The AD symptoms, histologic scores, and serum IgE levels in AD mice were significantly decreased after oral treatment with Duolac ATP. Moreover, the Th1-mediated response in AD-induced mice treated with oral Duolac ATP showed upregulation of IL-2 and IFN-gamma as well as of downstream signaling molecules T-bet, STAT-1, and STAT-4. Conversely, Duolac ATP suppressed Th2 and Th17 responses in AD-like mice, as evidenced by the downregulation of GATA-3, C-maf, IL-4, IL-5, and IL-17. Additionally, Duolac ATP increased the number of Tregs found at Peyer's patches (PP) in treated AD mice. These results suggest that Duolac ATP modulates DCs to initiate both Th1 and Treg responses in AD mice. Thus, Duolac ATP represents a potential preventative agent against AD and could serve as an effective immunomodulator in AD patients. 
Real Estate Enterprise Capital Structure Analysis and Optimization -The Case Study of Kaisa Group. Real estate industry is one of the pillar industries of the national economy. As the real estate industry develops rapidly, this capital-intensive industry's funds demand is soaring. Therefore, in order to guarantee the healthy development of the real estate industry, a reasonable structure of enterprise capital is very important. From the perspective of corporate capital structure, this article takes Kaisa as an example for analysis. Kaisa's financing activities in recent years are combined to understand the overall financing situation, and then adopt relevant financial indicators to analyze Kaisa's solvency comprehensively. After the defects of capital structures are identified, several suggestions in optimizing capital structure will be given. 
Developing Multicultural Awareness in Preschool Children: A Pilot Intervention. The increasing diversity of the U. S. population presents a need to address developing stereotypes. Racial and ethnic attitudes and biases can develop at young ages. The current study examined a pilot classroom intervention, which exposed preschool children to different cultures and considered the intervention's influence on racial attitudes. Sixteen preschool students in two classrooms were randomly assigned to the experimental condition, multicultural themed lessons, or the control condition, animal themed lessons. Attitudes about children of various ethnicities were assessed before and after the intervention. Variables considered included same group bias and outgroup bias. The results indicated that children who received the multicultural intervention changed favorably their attitudes towards children of other ethnicities compared to children who did not receive the experimental intervention. This analysis demonstrates that attitudes and biases towards others may be influenced through early education and increased awareness. 
Research on wireless distributed financial risk data stream mining based on dual privacy protection. Abstract:With the advancement of network technology and large-scale computing, distributed data streams have been widely used in the application of financial risk analysis. However, while data mining reveals financial models, it also increasingly poses a threat to privacy. Therefore, how to prevent privacy leakage during the efficient mining process poses new challenges to the data mining technology. This article is mainly aimed at the current privacy data leakage in financial data mining, combined with existing data mining technology to study data mining and privacy protection. First, a data mining model for dual privacy protection is defined, which can better meet the characteristics of distributed data streams while achieving privacy protection effects. Secondly, a privacy-oriented data stream mining algorithm is proposed, which uses random interference technology to effectively protect the original sensitive data. Finally, the analysis and discussion of the algorithm in this report through simulation experiments show that the algorithm is feasible and effective, and can better adapt to the distributed data flow distribution and dynamic characteristics, while achieving better privacy protection effects, effectively Reduced communication load. 
Health economics in mental health. 1: Principles. This is the first of two papers which summarise key concepts in health economics and explains the differences in the various types of economic evaluation published in the economics literature. Examples from the economic analysis of mental health care are used to illustrate the key points. This report explains the concepts of scarcity, rationing, opportunity cost and efficiency from a health economics perspective, and presents an ethical argument for the use of health economics in making decisions on resource use in mental health care. 
Effect of the Flipped Classroom Model on Chinese Non-English-Majored College Students' Translation Skills. This report reviewed a one-term experiment on the flipped classroom model in teaching translation skills to 124 first-year non-English-majored undergraduate students from Yangtze University as participants. Participants in this analysis consisted of 62 non-English-majored undergraduate students in the control group (CG) and 62 non-English-majored undergraduate students in the treatment group (TG). The process of the flipped classroom model in translation teaching and learning was divided into the three parts: outside of the flipped classroom, inside of the flipped classroom and outside of the flipped classroom. The results showed that: 1) compared with a teacher-dominated approach for CG, the flipped classroom translation model instruction for TG did a better job in enhancing students' translation skills; 2) there were significant differences between males in CG and TG, and females in CG and EG; 3) students in TG held the positive response for the flipped classroom model in translation teaching and learning. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Analysis of the Relationship between Ethanol Spot and Futures Prices in Brazil. In this work, an investigation and analysis are carried out in order to observe the relationship between ethanol spot and futures prices in Brazil. We adopted the Engle and Granger co-integration approach. Also, we consider the information share method proposed by Hasbrouck in order to examine the market efficiency in price discovery and information transmission. Results show that although the futures market is efficient in price discovery and information transmission, the cash market leads the long-run price discovery process. This suggests that the underlying cause of the dominance of the available market over the futures market can be attributed to the market's relative concentration in wholesale ethanol distribution due to the formation of marketing pools by the ethanol mills, as well as the small number of distributors that control a significant portion of the market share. 
Senegal, the African Slave Trade, and the Door of No Return: Giving Witness to Goree Island. Recently, the Senegalese people have learned to speak more openly of their history. But, as late as the 1980s-the years of my youth and early schooling-the wounds of colonialism were still fresh. I contend that slavery had been so powerful a blow to the Senegalese ethos that we-my family, friends, and schoolmates-did not speak about it. The collective trauma and shame of slavery was apparently so powerful that we sought to repress it, keeping it hidden from ourselves. We were surrounded by its evidence, but chose not to see it. Such was my childhood experience. As an adult, I understand that repression never heals wounds. The trauma remains as a haunting presence. But one can discover its "living presence," should one choose to look. Just 5. 2 km off the west African coast of Senegal lies Goree Island, where millions of Africans were held captive while awaiting transport into slavery. Much of the four-century history of the African slave trade passed through Senegal, where I grew up. In this essay, I explore the history of the island and its role in the slave trade. I describe my own coming to terms with this history-how it has haunted me since my youth. And I argue for the role of visual rhetorics in the formation (and affirmation) of Senegalese ethos. As Baumlin and Meyer (2018) remind us, we need to speak, in order to be heard, in order to be seen: Such is an assumption of rhetorical ethos. And the reverse, as I shall argue, may be true, too: Sometimes we need to see (or be seen), in order to know what to speak and how to be heard. It is for this reason that we need more films written, directed, produced, and performed by Africans (Senegalese especially). 
A VaR-Type Risk Measure Derived from Cumulative Parisian Ruin for the Classical Risk Model. In this short paper, we study a VaR-type risk measure introduced by Guerin and Renaud and which is based on cumulative Parisian ruin. We derive some properties of this risk measure and we compare it to the risk measures of Trufin et al. and Loisel and Trufin. 
The Rationality and Irrationality of Financing Green Start-Ups. Green start-ups contribute towards a transition to a more sustainable economy by developing sustainable and environmentally friendly innovation and bringing it to the market. Due to specific product/service characteristics, entrepreneurial motivation and company strategies that might differ from that of other start-ups, these companies might struggle even more than usual with access to finance in the early stages. This conceptual paper seeks to explain these challenges through the theoretical lenses of entrepreneurial finance and behavioural finance. While entrepreneurial finance theory contributes to a partial understanding of green start-up finance, behavioural finance is able to solve a remaining explanatory deficit produced by entrepreneurial finance theory. Although some behavioural finance theorists are suggesting that the current understanding of economic rationality underlying behavioural finance research is inadequate, most scholars have not yet challenged these assumptions, which constrict a comprehensive and realistic description of the reality of entrepreneurial finance in green start-ups. The aim of the paper is thus, first, to explore the specifics of entrepreneurial finance in green start-ups and, second, to demonstrate the need for a more up-to-date conception of rationality in behavioural finance theory in order to enable realistic empirical research in this field. 
Positive Career Attitudes Effect on Happiness and Life Satis-faction by Master Students and Graduates. Background: Happiness and life satisfaction are well-known indicators. However, there has been little contribution by the scientific community on the positive career attitudes of master students and graduates. In an effort to provide deeper empirical understanding, the relationships between positive career attitudes, health satisfaction, financial situation and happiness and life satisfaction among master students and graduates were analyzed. Method: A link of online questionnaire was sent by mail to all students which independently of their social economic status obtained a financial aid from the government of Luxembourg, and to all master graduates (ex-students) who have been finished with their courses for one year. The data was analyzed using bivariate tests, correlation and multiple linear regression models. Result: 455 voluntary postgraduate/master students vs. 144 graduates participated. Students were younger than the graduates (mean age 26 vs. 29 years). Majority was female and had Luxembourgish nationality. Most graduates had a job and lived with their parents. Luxembourg natives were happier, and those who were living with their parents showed higher life satisfaction. For both samples, self-rated health satisfaction was positively associated with happiness and life satisfaction. For the students, the higher career adaptability and career optimism are, the better the happiness and life satisfaction will be. The higher the perception of the household financial situation is, the better the happiness will be. For graduates, the higher career optimism contributed to the better happiness. Conclusion: Happiness and life satisfaction of master students and graduates were affected, related to socioeconomic and perceived health difficulties, and career attitudes. Those indicators could be used routinely to monitor the situation of young people over time and their needs in terms of adaptability and optimism capabilities, which should be appropriately treated. These findings may help with the development of university and post university interventions aimed at improving happiness and life satisfaction among postgraduate students and ex-students. 
Assessment of Biogas Plant Firms by Application of Annual Accounts and Financial Data Analysis Approach. Firms operating biogas plants are often characterized by making significant investments in fixed assets financed by equity and, mainly, financial debt. These firms have experienced significant growth in Italy, partly as a result of public contributions. The objective of the research is to analyze the management of biogas plant firms by analyzing annual accounts as the main document of use to third parties for the evaluation of a firm's management. The research, conducted on a sample of 22 firms using 110 year-data, has highlighted that economic and financial margins are different, though often statistically correlated. The research shows that profitability and cash generation in the biogas plant industry are high, even if the generation of cash flow is less than the return on equity, and there are firm cases of having difficulty in financial debt repayment, even in the presence of positive economic margins. The research also shows that return on equity greatly exceeds the performance of Italian government bonds and of the majority of industrial sectors; this result points to the significant increase in returns on equity capital in the industry, potentially damaging other sectors, and highlighting the risk of the distortive use of public resources. 
An Online Productivity Measuring and Analyzing System: Proof-of-Concept. The principle aim of this applied research is to design and build up an Online Productivity Measuring and Analyzing System (OPMAS): Proof-of-Concept 1 to measure and analyze the economic growth and its major sources; the multifactor productivity and factor-intensity at the firm, sub-industry (ISC 2-digit), and industry levels. Special features of this applied research are the instantaneous productivity measuring and analyzing. In addition, it is developing an educational and training HUB for productivity awareness and improvements for both researchers and organizations. Thus, the HUB comes with a prompt measuring tools/models (OPMAS) of the economic performance; the multifactor productivity and singly-factor productivity growth of a firm using its one-year loss/profit statement or/and time series data. Besides to the hub's prompt measuring of productivity, the firm will also be provided with an instant-reporting about its economic performance in-compression to its related industry at two different levels (2-digit and i-digit ISC). For example, a firm operating within Food and Beverages manufacturing industry, it will be compared with the performances of the Food and Beverages manufacturing industry 2-digit ISC and with the performance of the overall Manufacturing Industry, D-ISC. Furthermore, a simulation model (Productivity Analytics) for investigating the impact of various policies on the firm's economic performance could be proposed. The policies which they could be analyzed including environmental regulations, import and export taxes, and the provision of infrastructure. 
Can Reputation Ensure Efficiency in the Structured Finance Market?. Structured finance products are opaque and their ratings are unverifiable. Therefore, a credit rating agency (CRA) cannot credibly fully reveal its information about the quality of a rated structured finance project. Can reputation discipline the CRA? I introduce incomplete information about the CRA's type: With some probability, it is a truthful type that always fully reveals its information. The (updated) probability that the CRA is truthful is its reputation. With only two project types and when the CRA's reputation is high enough, an informationally-efficient equilibrium, where investors are fully informed, exists. If firms know the true CRA type however, this existence result fails. Moreover, with more than two project types, no matter how high the CRA's patience level or its reputation, there is no informationally-efficient equilibrium. The many project types case is clearly the relevant case. Therefore, I conclude that the fear to lose reputation is not enough deterrent in the structured finance market. 
Trade has long been an axiomatic characteristic of globalization, although international rules governing trade are of more recent vintage. 
Enhancing Entrepreneurship Education in a Master's Degree in Computer Engineering: A Project-Based Learning Approach. New master's degrees in computer engineering, designed according to Spanish government requirements, include both technical and business subjects to provide advanced knowledge compared to undergraduate studies. In spite of acquiring this advanced knowledge, our students are not always aware of the significant added value and the positive elements the master's degree provides for their future professional careers. Moreover, we have observed that students regard the different subjects as isolated blocks of knowledge. To tackle these problems, we have carried out a learning experience based on the creation of a technology-based enterprise (TBE) through the development of a common project (CP). Drawing on project-based learning (PBL) methodology, the CP consists of the identification, development, and final oral presentation of a business model. It aims to utilize sensor data and analysis in different domains. The experience has been highly positive, reducing the gap between studies and business practice, and increasing coordination among teachers. A key issue is that all the subjects of the master's degree are involved in this learning experience. In addition, results show a high level of satisfaction with the master's degree, compared to other similar courses. 
CARL and His POT: Measuring Risks in Commodity Markets. The present study aims at modelling market risk for four commodities, namely West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil, natural gas, gold and corn for the period 2007-2017. To this purpose, we use Extreme Value Theory (EVT) together with a set of Conditional Auto-Regressive Logit (CARL) models to predict risk measures for the futures return series of the considered commodities. In particular, the Peaks-Over-Threshold (POT) method has been combined with the Indicator and Absolute Value CARL models in order to predict the probability of tail events and the Value-at-Risk and the Expected Shortfall risk measures for the selected commodities. Backtesting procedures indicate that generally CARL models augmented with specific implied volatility outperform the benchmark model and thus they represent a valuable tool to anticipate and manage risks in the markets. 
Study on the Development of S & T Achievements Transformation Policy in Anhui Province-Based on the Quantitative Analysis of 101 Policy Texts. The transformation of scientific and technological achievements is the terminal chain of the whole innovation value chain. Converting scientific and technological achievements into realistic productivity is advantageous to realize the effective integration of science and technology with economy. The policy of transformation of scientific and technological influences the development and core competitiveness of local industries to varying degrees. In this report, the analysis of policy statistics and multi-dimension are introduced into the research on the transformation of scientific and technological achievements in Anhui Province. Based on the sample of 101 scientific and technological achievements conversion policies from 2001 to 2018 in Anhui Province, this report analyzes the time distribution, policy types, layout of policy-making subjects, and the use of different types of policy tools. Finally, through the above analysis, summarizing the problems existing in Anhui Province's scientific and technological achievements transformation policy and carrying out further reflections, in order to provide reference for the optimization and improvement of Anhui's scientific and technological achievements conversion policy in the future. 
Forecast of Economic Growth by Time Series and Scenario Planning Method -A Case Study of Shenzhen. Time series analysis" is one of the main tools to predict the value of economic variable with the appropriate model to describe the time variation of historical data. "Scenario planning" is a kind of special research method which is used to analyze the macro environment of a subject. In the prediction of the growth trend of economic entities, the two methods can be used to a certain extent to avoid the prediction errors caused by environmental changes. The results showed that the economic growth of Shenzhen during "the 13th Five-Year Plan" would appear a slowing trend. 
Capital Structure across Italian Regions: The Role of Financial and Economic Differences. The objective of this article is to analyse how regional financial and economic differences influence the capital structure decisions of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Specifically, this report considers the regional financial and economic differences in four ways: the development of the financial sector in the region, bank market concentration, the financial cost of obtaining funds, and regional economic development. For this purpose, we used unbalanced panel data from 26,504 SMEs across the 20 Italian regions and over the period from 2004 to 2010. This work is completed with an analysis of a no-crisis (2004)(2005)(2006)(2007) and a crisis period (2008)(2009)(2010). The results show that the regional differences in the degree of financial sector development, banking concentration, and local economic situations have a significant impact on the leverage level of SMEs, while the cost of obtaining funds is only relevant during a period of economic stability. These results suggest that insights can be derived from data disaggregation at the regional level inside the same country. These regional divergences in the capital structure of SMEs could influence regional economic resilience. 
Harmonizing Budgeting and Accounting: The Case of Italy. . The study setting for this research is the Italian government, specifically the intermediate or regional level government, Campania Region, where a trial period is underway. The objective is to discover what obstacles and difficulties might exist when implementing a harmonized accounting and budgeting system while moving toward an accrual accounting system. The study reveals the main paradox in the implementation of the reform. This kind of study could add fresh knowledge to the literature and highlight common problems encountered when implementing accounting reforms. Additionally it could help set a standard to assist public entities in developing and implementing accounting guidelines. 
On Comparison of Stochastic Reserving Methods with Bootstrapping. We consider the well-known stochastic reserve estimation methods on the basis of generalized linear models, such as the (over-dispersed) Poisson model, the gamma model and the log-normal model. For the likely variability of the claims reserve, bootstrap method is considered. In the bootstrapping framework, we discuss the choice of residuals, namely the Pearson residuals, the deviance residuals and the Anscombe residuals. In addition, several possible residual adjustments are discussed and compared in a case study. We carry out a practical implementation and comparison of methods using real-life insurance data to estimate reserves and their prediction errors. We propose to consider proper scoring rules for model validation, and the assessments will be drawn from an extensive case study. 
A mezogazdasagi szovetkezetek termelesi es penzugyi teljesitmenyenek alakulasa a 2002-2007 kozotti idoszakban Harangi-Rakos Monika. Debreceni Egyetem Agrar-es Gazdalkodastudomanyok Centruma Gazdasagelmeleti Intezet 4032 Debrecen, Boszormenyi ut 138. rakosm@agr. unideb. hu OSSZEFOGLALAS A tanulmany celja a magyarorszagi mezogazdasagi tarsas vallalkozasok -kiemelten a mezogazdasagi szovetkezetekteljesitmenyenek vizsgalata az Ado-es Penzugyi Ellenorzesi Hivatal (APEH) aggregalt adatbazisa alapjan, melyet az Agrargazdasagi Kutato Intezet bocsatott rendelkezesemre. Modszertani szempontbol az egyszeru statisztikai eszkozokre torekedtem, valamint a vallalati elemzesekhez hasznalt mutatokat szamitottam es idosorosan elemeztem. A vizsgalatok soran levont egyik fontos kovetkeztetes, hogy az EU-csatlakozas utani idoszakban a mezogazdasagi szovetkezetek tarsadalmi-gazdasagi sulya erosen csokkent. A masik fontos megallapitas, hogy a tarsas vallalkozasok szokasos aggregalt szintu vizsgalata mellett, szukseg lenne az egyes vallalkozasi formak osszehasonlito elemzesere. A szovetkezeteken belul pedig a hagyomanyos (termelo) szovetkezetek es az uj tipusu szovetkezetek elkulonitett vizsgalatara. 
Nutritional Education as an Indicative Element of Lifestyle E. Voca-Mulaj, Islam Borinca 140. Organization and different national and international sources. Nutritional education can be defined as any combination of teaching methods designed to facilitate the adoption of voluntary food choices and other types of food with the addition that this includes appropriate behavior meals that are important for the health and welfare of the individual, community or even a certain population. Social influences on food intake refer to the impact that one or more persons have on the eating behavior of others, either direct or indirect, either conscious or subconscious. Even when eating alone, food choice is influenced by social factors because attitudes and habits develop through the interaction with others. As the need for nutrition education, change is the most important. Food preferences pose a problem with the people in the selection of food. Most people do not have conditions to ensure healthy food which suits meal-times. Some others see nutritious instructions as boring, unpleasant and inappropriate. Lack of time, often does not to dedicate relevance of food choices, especially among the educated young people. Practical aspects such as cost, preparation and poor availability of time due to work are common barriers to the recommended changes. Lack of knowledge about the importance of healthy eating is not perceived by consumers as the main barrier to changing diets, although it is quite important. 
Corporate Governance Structure, Financial Capability, and the R&D Intensity in Chinese Sports Sector: Evidence from Listed Sports Companies. Innovations are the foundation of an enterprise's sustainable development, which is particularly important for sports firms in an evolving Chinese sport industrial environment. Analyzing publicly-listed sports firms on The New Third Board (NTB) in China, this analysis examined the influence of corporate financial capability and corporate governance structure on firms' R&D intensity through a series of multiple regression models. Findings revealed that corporate financial capability is an important determinant of R&D intensity, and corporate governance structure has a small but meaningful effect on R&D intensity. Specifically, for Chinese sports firms, several financial capability indicators, such as return on equity, accounts receivable turnover, assets turnover, and profit growth rate, have positive relationships with R&D intensity; however, other financial capability indicators, such as leverage and cash flow, have negative relationships with R&D intensity. Limited evidence was found to support the notion that corporate governance significantly influences R&D intensity, although sports firms with good governance mechanisms are more likely to increase the positive effects of financial capabilities on R&D intensity while decreasing the negative effects. Discussions were centered on planning and executing R&D activities in sports companies. 
Sub-Optimal Generation Portfolio Variance with Rate of Return Regulation. This report demonstrates that continuation of traditional rate-of-return electric utility regulation of transmission and distribution assets will impede the ability of customers to optimize their generation portfolios. Under linear price regulation, with increasing (decreasing) returns to scale customers will choose a more (less) risky generation portfolio than they would with no transmission and distribution asset rate-of-return regulation. Similar problems arise under non-linear (two-part) pricing of transmission and distribution assets. When the per-unit price is set at marginal cost, with increasing (decreasing) marginal cost, customers will choose a more (less) risky generation portfolio than they would with no transmission and distribution asset regulation. With price caps the optimal generation portfolio is chosen. 
Entrepreneurial Activity, Entry and Persistence of Firms: Econometric Analysis Based on Count Data. This analysis aims to assess the impact of technological specification and innovation dynamics in Schumpeterian perspective on the technological performance (innovation) of firms. Using an original data construction, our empirical analysis is carried out with patent and survey databases on French firms. We classify the various possible determinants of innovation into two groups of variables; firm-specific variables and sectorial-specific variables. We utilise patent data from European Patent Office (EPO) database (classified in 30 technological classes), survey of the R & D resources and, firm's surveys in French (EAE) for French firms for the period 1993-2001. The results of our count data models show that entrepreneurial activity increases the innovation output and the sectorial-specific variables have an impact on patent application. 
Financial and Performance Analyses of Microcontroller Based Solar-Powered Autorickshaw for a Developing Country. This report presents a case study to examine the economic viability and performance analysis of a microcontroller based solar powered battery operated autorickshaw (m-SBAR), for the developing countries, which is compared with different types of rickshaws such as pedal rickshaw (PR), battery operated autorickshaw (BAR), and solar-powered battery operated autorickshaw (SBAR), available in Bangladesh. The BAR consists of a rickshaw structure, a battery bank, a battery charge controller, a DC motor driver, and a DC motor whereas the proposed m-SBAR contains additional components like solar panel and microcontroller based DC motor driver. The complete design considered the local radiation data and load profile of the proposed m-SBAR. The Levelized Cost of Energy (LCOE) analysis, Net Present Worth, payback periods, and Benefit-to-Cost Ratio methods have been used to evaluate the financial feasibility and sensitivity analysis of m-SBAR, grid-powered BAR, and PR. The numerical analysis reveals that LCOE and Benefit-to-Cost Ratio of the proposed m-SBAR are lower compared to the grid-powered BAR. It has also been found that microcontroller based DC motor control circuit reduces battery discharge rate, improves battery life, and controls motor speed efficiency. 
KEYWORDS 2 equity in healthcare, healthcare needs, health service use, healthcare financing 3 Abstract Background: Although public medical insurance covers over 95% of the population in China, disparities in health service use and out-of-pocket (OOP) health expenditure across income groups are still widely observed. This analysis aims to investigate the socio-economic disparities in perceived healthcare needs, informal care, formal care and payment for healthcare and explore their equity implication. 
The Impact of Financing Capacity on R & D Investment -Empirical Analysis Based on Micro Data of Manufacturing Enterprises in Guangdong. Under the background of the rapid expansion of R & D investment of industrial enterprises in China, this report based on the 2005-2007 China Industrial Enterprise Database, conducted research on manufacturing enterprises in Guangdong Province, and used the micro-data at the enterprise level to empirically study the impact of financing capacity on R & D investment. It is found that the financing ability of enterprises has a significant positive effect on their R & D investment. Among them, with the expansion of the scale of enterprises, the promotion of corporate financing capacity to its R & D investment has gradually increased; the financing capacity has also significantly affected the R & D investment of all types of enterprises, and for state-owned enterprises, foreign-funded enterprises and Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwanese investment enterprises. The impact is significantly stronger than that of the private sector. Its promoting effect is not affected by regional differences. Finally, based on the results of the quantitative analysis and the actual situation in Guangdong Province, the author has put forward some countermeasures and suggestions. 
Invisible Happiness in Dogen. Buddhism is frequently referenced as one of the possible paths for the modern quest for happiness. An examination of Buddhist literature, however, shows that the attempt to trace such a route is somewhat misguided, for Buddhism addresses primarily the avoidance of suffering rather than the pursuit of happiness. In fact, a concern with happiness is often characterized in Buddhist texts as a pitfall to be avoided rather than as a path to be followed. This report examines the near-invisibility of happiness in the writings of Dogen Zenji, a seminal Zen teacher and writer, and demonstrates how the negligible place of happiness in Dogen's writings corresponds to its conceptual space in Buddhism generally, thus showing that the elimination of suffering, which is the goal of Buddhism, should not be reduced to happiness. As a link between modern writers on Buddhism and the earliest Buddhist texts, Dogen presents an instructive case to illustrate how the theme of happiness holds a position in Buddhist thought even when it is not explicitly mentioned, but that place is far from central to Buddhism's concerns. Nevertheless, Dogen's writings furnish splendid examples of what we might call "literary happiness"-a kind of happiness enacted rather than discussed. The identification of such happiness shows how in Buddhism happiness is more incidental than teleological, and suggests that the application of Buddhist concepts to the quest for happiness twists those concepts in a direction inimical to Buddhist practice. 
Comprehensive Development Evaluation System of Asian In-frastructure Investment Bank Based on Double Diamond Model. The establishment of Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) is China's first attempt to play a leading role in an international development agency, as well as an important deployment of international political and economic strategy in the new era. This article makes a comprehensive development evaluation on the newly-established bank based on Double Diamond Model. Main factors during the process are capabilities, demand conditions, relevant and supporting industries, business strategies, structures and competitions in the industry, government, and opportunity. Finally, concerns and countermeasures will be proposed according to the assessment. 
Factors of Acceptance for Mobile Learning in Corporate Settings: An Empirical Investigation in Banking Industry. Due to the proliferation of mobile technology and devices like smartphones and tablet PCs into our daily lives, mlearning attracts also more attention in professional training in enterprises. Derived from these statements, this research paper is focused on the following question: what are acceptance factors for m-learning (mobile learning) in the organizational setting? The paper analyzes a real experience in m-learning for training the banking personnel in an international banking institution in Turkey. For this purpose, a mobile virtual learning environment called as mFOR@ was developed and implemented, which was designed to support the training and development process for employees using Pocket PCs. The participants of the training activity (13 professionals) evaluated the m-learning experience via a semi-structured interview; all the content and interactions within mFOR@ were analyzed via content analysis. As a basis for a successful implementation in professional training in enterprises, the acceptance by decision makers and the learners is critical. That is the reason why I present a qualitative analysis of acceptance and the perceived value of m-learning in a corporate setting. 
Systemic Risk and Productivity of the Major Australian Banks. We measure the domestic systemic risk of the Australian major banks. We report systemic risk along five categories, namely, size, inter-connectedness, non-substitutability, complexity and domestic sentiment. We then carry out sensitivity analyses by changing equal weights in the categories, and examine the capital adequacy and inter-connectedness of the majors focusing on key ratios. In terms of sensitivity analyses, changing the equal weights do not influence systemic risk considerably, which indicates that the results are robust. Comparing systemic risk to productivity, we find that level systemic risk across time and high productivity are compatible, and rising systemic risk causes some inefficiency. et al. [4] state that tracking systemic risk is a core activity in macroprudential regulation. Group of Twenty [5] recommends extending the international framework for systemic importance to the domestic level. 
Risk and Financial Management Article On the Performance of Wavelet Based Unit Root Tests. In this report, we apply the wavelet methods in the popular Augmented Dickey-Fuller and M types of unit root tests. Moreover, we provide an extensive comparison of the wavelet based unit root tests which also includes the recent contributions in the literature. Moreover, we derive the asymptotic properties of the wavelet based unit root tests under generalized least squares detrending mechanism. We demonstrate that the wavelet based M tests exhibit better size performance even in problematic cases such as the presence of negative moving average innovations. However, the power performances of the wavelet based unit root tests are quite similar to each other. 
New Techniques in Project Management. Managing multiple candidate initiatives and in-flight projects across business units is a big challenge for organizations. Tracking progress of projects while balancing demand against available resources to ensure successful completion is difficult. Increasingly, organizations deploy a Project Portfolio Management (PPM) system. These new PPM solutions simplify portfolio governance and strive to guide enterprise innovation. For maximum benefits, the frameworks that shepherd initiatives and bolster project efficiency must not obstruct ideation, bottom-up creativity and entrepreneurship. 
Efficacy of Different Drenching Regimens of Gluconeogenic Precursors during Transition Period on Body Condition Score, Production, Reproductive Performance, Subclinical Ketosis and Economics of Dairy Cows. Simple Summary: As the transition period is the most critical physiological stage of dairy cattle, propylene glycol as a gluconeogenic precursor was studied either individually or in combination with glycerol with different doses at different times. Their beneficial effects were recorded regarding productive and reproductive performances, protection against subclinical ketosis and economics. 
Drug Delivery Preparation of poly-l-lysine-based nanoparticles with pH-sensitive release of curcumin for targeted imaging and therapy of liver cancer in vitro and in vivo Preparation of poly-L-lysine-based nanoparticles with pH-sensitive release of curcumin for targeted imaging and therapy of liver cancer in vitro and in vivo. 2018) Preparation of poly-l-lysine-based nanoparticles with pH-sensitive release of curcumin for targeted imaging and therapy of liver cancer invitro and invivo, Drug Delivery, 25:1, 950-960,. 
Research on Influence of Manager's Innovation Preference on Innovation-Decision Making. It is one of the key factors which cause "innovation dilemma" that managers prefer to support the sustaining innovation project. From the view of the manager's innovation preference, the main propose of the paper is to study why it happened. The manager's innovation preference will guide and motivate the staffs how to innovate, therefore it is appropriate to analyze it by using the principal agent theory. Conclusions can be got by establishing and analyzing a multi-task principal-agent model. First of all, the model basically explains why incumbent enterprises prefer adopting sustaining innovation and entrant enterprises are inclined to disruptive innovation project. Secondly, the selection rights of middle managers towards innovation projects determine the strategic direction of enterprises. Manager's innovation preference is consistent with the innovation types of employees. At last, the paper suggests that incumbent enterprises should indeed establish self-organizations or spin-off organizations to better carry out disruptive business. 
Article 887 1 National Health Insurance Data in China. Objective: The study aimed to conduct clinical and economic evaluation of salvianolate injection for patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) in comparison to Danhong injection and alprostadil injection. 
Unexpected Recovery Risk and LGD Discount Rate Determination. The Basle II parameter called Loss Given Default (LGD) aims to estimate the expected losses on not yet defaulted accounts in the case of default. Banks firstly need to collect historical recovery data, discount the recovery income and cost cash flow to the time of default, and calculate historical recovery rates and LGDs. One of the puzzling tasks is to determine an appropriate discount rate which is very vaguely characterized by the regulation. This report proposes a market consistent methodology for the LGD discount rate determination based on estimation of the systematic, i. e. undiversifiable, recovery risk and a cost of the risk. 
E-Commerce Business Models and Search Engine Dependency. E-Commerce business models attracted a great deal of attention in the last years. An increasing number of bargains are realized via online transactions. However, some business models suffer distinctly under changes of search engine algorithms while others experience continuous stable traffic. This report sheds light on the drivers of the unpunished e-commerce businesses based on a case-by-case analysis of 43 business models in the German Internet market. The analysis reveals that more stable business models are characterized by diversified customer arrivals which are obtained by a focused product management, multiple marketing channeling, freemium registration strategies and a subtle way to attract customer trust. 
Eliciting Subjective Survival Curves: Lessons from Partial Identification Eliciting Subjective Survival Curves: Lessons from Partial Identification. When analyzing data on subjective expectations of continuous outcomes, researchers have access to a limited number of reported probabilities for each respondent from which to construct complete distribution functions. Moreover, reported probabilities may be rounded and thus not equal to true beliefs. Using survival expectations elicited from a representative sample from the Netherlands, we investigate what can be learned if we take these two sources of missing information into account and expectations are therefore only partially identified. We find novel evidence for rounding by checking whether reported expectations are consistent with a hazard of death that increases weakly with age. Only 39% of reported beliefs are consistent with this under the assumption that all probabilities are reported precisely, while 92% are if we allow for rounding. Using the available information to construct bounds on subjective life expectancy, we show that the data alone are not sufficiently informative to allow for useful inference in partially identified linear models, even in the absence of rounding. We propose to improve precision by interpolation between rounded probabilities. Interpolation in combination with a limited amount of rounding does yield informative intervals. 
Transformational Leadership, Job Satisfaction, Organizational Commitment, and Turnover Intentions: The Direct Effects among Bank Representatives. Transformational leadership is the current design for numerous financial institutions which manifests how bank executives could impact psychological as well as behavioral repercussions of their bank representatives. The ultimate intention of this descriptive research study is to identify the connection between transformational leadership, job satisfaction and organizational commitment of workforces operating in the financial market of Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. A five-point Likert-scale questionnaire, containing 38 survey items, separated right into four components which developed and reviewed. Four financial institutions were sorted out on a straightforward and unique testing principle. An overall of 300 questionnaires apportioned in four banks from which 181 questionnaires reciprocated with 60. 33 percent response rate. For the objective of manipulation and analysis, useable data grasped to a software package called SPSS. The integrity of the questionnaire was examined and found to be 0. 85. The research outcomes unveiled a robust assistance for the proposed significant and positive connection between transformational leadership, job satisfaction, and organizational commitment of bank representatives. The outcomes additionally suggested the inverted relationship among personnel's job satisfaction as well as for purposes to abdicate from their financial institutions. 
Evidence on the Efficient Market Hypothesis from 44 Global Financial Market Indexes. This report employs Granger causality tests to identify the impacts of historical information from global financial markets on their current levels in 30-day windows. The dataset consists primarily of the daily index levels of the (1) open, (2) closed, (3) intraday high, (4) intraday low, and (5) trading volume series for the world's 37 most influential equity market indexes, two crude oil prices, a gold price, and four major money market prices in the United States are used as control groups. Our results indicate a persistent impact of historical information from global markets on their current levels, and this impact duplicates itself in a cyclical pattern consistently over decades. Such persistence in the patterns causes some market indexes to be upgraded to global or regional market leaders. These findings can be interpreted as constituting violations of the weak-form efficient market hypothesis. The results also reveal recursive impacts of information in these markets and the existence of an information digestion effect. 
Cervantes e a Teoria Economica -Parte I *. Resumo: Questionando interpretacoes a respeito de Miguel de Cervantes como tendo sido um autor de carater socialista com preocupacoes emancipatorias, o autor analisa a obra literaria de Cervantes em seu contexto e identifica como apresenta simpatia para com aspectos importantes da economia de mercado, bem como critica posicoes coletivistas e redistribucionistas. 
Analysis of Principal Component Regression Equations of Air Transportation and Local Economy: Taking Tianjin as an Example. The city of Tianjin and the realization of the national development strategy put forward new requirements for air transport. This report is based on Tianjin air transport and the interaction of regional economic development present situation, analyzed problems of development, analyzed interactive development mechanism of the Tianjin aviation transport and economic, then, extracted the Tianjin aviation transportation and regional economy of main component, and established a principal component regression equation, for air transportation and Regional economy in Tianjin fitness trend prediction, gives countermeasures to promote the development of air transport and Tianjin economic interactions. 
A Study on the Influence of Team Members' Social Media Interaction Perception on Employee Creativity. Based on the questionnaire of 252 employees, this report explores the relationship between social media interaction and employee creativity, which is influenced by the mediating effect of colleagues' trust and the moderating role of supporting organizational culture. The study found that: 1) Social media interaction among team members has a significant positive impact on employee creativity; 2) Social media interaction among team members indirectly influences employee creativity through trust; 3) The supporting organization culture regulates the relationship between social media interaction among team members and trust among them. That is to say, the higher level of the supporting organizational culture the employees perceive, the more obvious the influence of social media interaction among team members on the trust of colleagues is. This research not only enriches the theoretical research on the relationship between social media interaction and the internal stakeholders (employees) of the enterprise, but also has important guiding significance to the practice of organization management. 
Cancer development in COPD patients: retrospective analysis of the National Health Insurance Service-National Sample Cohort in Korea. Background: COPD is a well-known risk factor for lung cancer, independent of smoking behavior. By investigating the retrospective National Health Insurance Service-National Sample Cohort (NHIS-NSC) in Korea, this analysis attempted to prove the hypothesis that COPD is a risk factor for major cancers developing outside of the lungs. We also aimed to investigate the environmental factors associated with the development of lung cancer in COPD patients. 
Custom v. Standardized Risk Models. We discuss when and why custom multi-factor risk models are warranted and give source code for computing some risk factors. Pension/mutual funds do not require customization but standardization. However, using standardized risk models in quant trading with much shorter holding horizons is suboptimal: (1) longer horizon risk factors (value, growth, etc. ) increase noise trades and trading costs; (2) arbitrary risk factors can neutralize alpha; (3) "standardized" industries are artificial and insufficiently granular; (4) normalization of style risk factors is lost for the trading universe; (5) diversifying risk models lowers P&L correlations, reduces turnover and market impact, and increases capacity. We discuss various aspects of custom risk model building. 
Barriers to E-Commerce Adoption: Consumers' Perspectives from a Developing Country. Although e-commerce has become a familiar retail channel for businesses in developed countries, it is still considered an innovation in developing countries. Specifically, electronic commerce (e-commerce) in Saudi Arabia is still in the first stage despite its advance and fast growth in ICT marketplace, the highest increase in Internet penetration in the world, strong retail sector, and young population. This research study aims to identify tangible barriers influencing consumers in Saudi Arabia to adopt e-commerce. An exploratory research design is used to shed light on the tangible barriers facing Saudi consumers when shopping online. This research study identified key tangible barriers and their relative importance for both e-commerce adapters and non-adapters facing Saudi consumer when shopping online. Practical as well as managerial implications are discussed. 
Disinflation, external vulnerability, and fiscal intransigence: some unpleasant Mundellian arithmetic Disinflation, external vulnerability, and fiscal intransigence: some unpleasant Mundellian arithmetic. This report examines the policy challenges that a country faces when it wants to both reduce inflation and maintain a sustainable external position. Robert Mundell's policy assignment framework suggests that these two goals may be mutually incompatible unless monetary and fiscal policies are properly coordinated. Unfortunately, if the fiscal authority is unwilling to cooperatea case of fiscal intransigenceand central banks pursue a disinflation on a "go it alone" basis, their country's external position may further deteriorate. A dynamic analysis shows that if the central bank itself lacks credibility, it must rely even more on cooperation from the fiscal authority. The paper thus extends Sargent and Wallace's "unpleasant monetarist arithmetic" to an open economy: a central bank's efforts to stabilize prices and output using a "go it alone" strategy (no help from the fiscal) may be thwarted by external factors: more external debt, higher risk premia and exchange rate passthrough. 
Adaptive Wave Models for Sophisticated Option Pricing. Adaptive wave model for financial option pricing is proposed, as a high-complexity alternative to the standard Black-Scholes model. The new option-pricing model, representing a controlled Brownian motion, includes two wave-type approaches: nonlinear and quantum, both based on (adaptive form of) the Schrodinger equation. The nonlinear approach comes in two flavors: for the case of constant volatility, it is defined by a single adaptive nonlinear Schrodinger (NLS) equation, while for the case of stochastic volatility, it is defined by an adaptive Manakov system of two coupled NLS equations. The linear quantum approach is defined in terms of de Broglie's plane waves and free-particle Schrodinger equation. In this approach, financial variables have quantum-mechanical interpretation and satisfy the Heisenberg-type uncertainty relations. Both models are capable of successful fitting of the Black-Scholes data, as well as defining Greeks. 
The impact of Positive Reinforcement on Employees' Performance in Organizations. Each employee's performance is important in an organization. A way to motivate it is through the application of reinforcement theory which is developed by B. F. Skinner. One of the most commonly used methods is positive reinforcement in which one's behavior is strengthened or increased based on consequences. This report aims to review the impact of positive reinforcement on the performances of employees in organizations. It can be applied by utilizing extrinsic reward or intrinsic reward. Extrinsic rewards include salary, bonus and fringe benefit while intrinsic rewards are praise, encouragement and empowerment. By applying positive reinforcement in these factors, desired positive behaviors are encouraged and negative behaviors are eliminated. Financial and non-financial incentives have a positive relationship with the efficiency and effectiveness of staffs. 
DEVELOPING INNOVATIVE ENTREPRENEURSHIP ON THE BASE OF THE MODERNIZATION OF THE ECONOMICS. The paper recommends working out a comprehensive state program on innovative development of the Uzbekistan's economy for medium and long term perspective. 
Open Peer Review Non-financial incentives and professional health workers' intentions to stay in public district hospitals in Rwanda: A cross-sectional study [version 2; peer review: 1 approved, 1 approved with reservations]. Evidence shows that human resources are one of the major Background: pillars of the healthcare system. As a result, retaining the health workforce has been associated with provision of the quality healthcare services. However, the challenge of retaining the health workforce has been an issue of concern in Rwanda. The purpose of this analysis was to assess the level of availability and provision of non-financial incentives, and their associations with professional health workers' intentions to stay. 
Monitoring progress towards Universal Health Coverage (UHC) requires an assessment of progress in coverage of health services and protection of households from the impact of direct outof-pocket payments (i. e. financial risk protection). Although Uganda has expressed aspirations for attaining UHC, out-of-pocket payments remain a major contributor to total health expenditure. This analysis aims to monitor progress in financial risk protection in Uganda. 
Modeling Exchange Rate Dynamics in Egypt: Observed and Unobserved Volatility. The underlying study focuses on estimating and forecasting the volatility of exchange rate in Egypt based on ARCH type models and the State Space (SS) models, namely; the Stochastic Volatility (SV) and the Time-Varying Parameter (TVP) models. Moreover, the paper tests the predictive power of the conducted models to come up with a powerful technique that gives the best forward-looking stance of the exchange rate. Empirically, the paper utilizes daily exchange rate data spanning from January 2003 till June 2013. Evidently, it is found that the exchange rate returns in Egypt suffer from the volatility clustering phenomenon and that there exists a time-varying variance in the exchange rate series that has to be appropriately dealt with, while modelling nominal exchange rates. Additionally, with regard to the link between the volatility occurring in the stock market in Egypt and the volatility of the exchange rate market, it is found that there is a risk mismatch between the two markets. Therefore, further research is recommended in the future to suggest other exogenous variables that can help in explaining the volatility in the exchange rate returns in Egypt. 
Legacy of the Asian Currency Crisis: The Case of Korea. This report reexamines the long run effects of the 1997 Asian crisis on the Korean economy. Using unobserved components models subject to Markov regime-switching, we address two questions: 1) whether the output losses of Korea during 1997-1998 were permanent or transitory; 2) when the trend growth rate decreased. Estimation results suggest that the trend growth rate of the Korean economy has already declined around 1992-1993 prior to the 1997 crisis, and given the transition of the Korean economy into the low-growth regime in the early 90s, the effects of the crisis are mainly transitory. 
Assessment of MOV Deterioration under Energized Conditions. Metal oxide varistors (MOVs) are widely used to protect electrical and electronic devices that are very vulnerable to surges due to the low insulation level of the equipment. MOVs deteriorate gradually due to manufacturing defects, mechanical and thermal stress, or repeated protective operations against surges. These defects result in the thermal runaway of MOV and finally lead to the explosion and electric fire of electrical and electronic devices due to a short circuit and a line-to-ground fault. Therefore, the reliable assessment of the condition of MOV deterioration is required for electrical and electronic equipment. However, when most accelerated degradation tests for the MOV have been performed to date, an 8/20 us standard surge current is applied under de-energized conditions, which is unlike the actual operating environment. In this analysis, a surge generator was designed to apply a surge current to MOVs to monitor their deterioration. Three different types of leakage currents were measured to analyze the change rates of their electrical characteristics of MOVs by comparing them with the reference voltage variation. Furthermore, the condition assessment of MOV deterioration under energized and de-energized conditions was investigated. 
Exploration and Thinking on the Development of Sports Lottery Market in County Area of Suzhou. Lottery has an irresistible charm and its issuance becomes a rational choice to make up for the lack of national financial investment in social welfare undertakings. Based on the current situation of China's lottery economy, this report firstly analyzes three major backgrounds for Suzhou developing the county sports lottery market, which is clear policy direction, a solid foundation of the county economy and effective sports organizations. And then it reveals Suzhou's practical exploration and achieving results of its county sports lottery market from the institutional mechanisms, personnel construction, sales channels and brand building. Finally, this report points out that in the future Suzhou should further improve the county sports lottery market with fine management as the premise, sustainable development as general principles, and market competition as the target and administrative reform as the opportunity. 
Economics as a Science of the Human Mind and Interaction. In understanding economics and the organisation of economics, the questions are what constitute economics and the thinking behind economics today? In short what is the field of economics? And in what ways can we connect to and understand this field of study? Of course, the answer to this depends upon the perspective chosen, in which one sees and thinks of economics from a particular philosophical and even political position and perspective. If one takes the perspective on economics from a qualitative paradigm that draws upon the tradition from Kant, Husserl, Simmel, Mead, Schutz, Blumer (see references), then it can be stated that economics cannot only be understood as something that appears in nature. On the contrary, economics must be understood as "something" which results from human behaviour, interaction and groups in human activities and the thinking involved and embedded in those activities. Therefore in analyzing economics it is significant to note that economics belongs to and is being constructed by people due to their everyday lives. What appears as central in those statements, from a qualitative perspective, is that the essences of economics have to be discussed in relation to the mind and thinking related to an understanding of individual and group societal activities. Economics is to be understood as constructed and maintained through everyday human interactions and exchanges, whereby people are creating the meanings of situations with objectives of what are believed as important in the understanding of economics activities, actions and results. Those meanings and definitions of economics are being produced and exchanged in order to become a new comprehensive framework that influences, co-produces, limits and creates contradictions in everyday economic life. This additional qualitative focus [1] outlines the importance of understanding how human cognitions produce meaning of objects, definitions, activities and actions which provides the framework for the field of economics. The epistemological perspective for this is that the objects are not only within themselves. No, instead the objects are as they presents themselves to people, and thereby the meanings we are constructing and attaching to them. The paper will therefore discuss some of the scientific complexities in three areas: mind and thinking; understanding economics as a social activity and construction, and the interplay between economic activities and economic theoretical work. 
An Investigation of Various Government Programs, Trade and Industrial Policies on Growth and Development of Small Scale Industries toward Their Marketing Activities in Nigeria. The study examined various government programs, trade and industrial policies and their impacts on survival, growth and development of Small Scale Industry towards their marketing activities in Nigeria with special focus on Lagos State, Nigeria. The purpose of the study was to find out if there is any significant relationship between trade and industrial policies, growth and development of Small Scale Industry and marketing activities in the country. The federal government of Nigeria has over the years shown great interest in development and supports of Small Scale Industries by formulating various programs, trade and industrial policies to stimulate growth and development of SSI and also ensure adequate financing to the sector. Yet, many Small Scale Industries in the country have either packed up, folded up, operating below average capacity or moved to the neighbouring countries for enabling environment. The dependent variable growth and development of Small Scale Industry was characterized into manpower size, business structure, technological development and advancement, among others. While the independent variable, trade and industrial policies were measured using Likert scale. The results revealed that the government trade and industrial policies have little or no effect on growth and development of Small Scale Industries and marketing activities in Nigeria as indicated by the low enhancement of SSIs development on financial assistance of 49% in Lagos State. The study further showed that government trade and industrial policies have little or no impact on technological development of SSIs in the country as indicated by 93% of SSIs that started with traditional technology which still maintain 49% tradition; 7% semi-mechanized, and 0% full mechanized/automation. It was concluded that trade and industrial policies of government were formulated with good intention to M. A. Awoniyi 777 stimulate SSIs development and improve marketing activities of SSIs in the country but bureaucracy, corruption, poor policy implementation and lack of adequate awareness made them very ineffective. 
The Influence of Government Regulation on IPO Underpricing. The IPO in China has been subject to the audit system, which imposes strict control over the pace of issuance of new stocks. The issuance of new stocks is relatively small, and there are also various restrictions on the issuance prices. High IPO underpricing rate and high turnover rate have always been unique to China's new issue market. For this reason, this article begins with the causes of the high underpricing rate, and combines investor sentiment to study the effect of the new share issuance system on the IPO underpricing rate. 
Managing Real Estate Exposure: An Empiri-cal Analysis on Interest Rate Risk. Real estate is an illiquid investment with cyclical returns, so risk management techniques should be used for sustainable returns. The risk management techniques include asset based, portfolio, insurance and derivatives solutions. Asset based solutions include the risk character of the real estate, based on where it's located and how well it is developed. Some property such as foreclosure and those require maintenance is riskier than others. Portfolio solutions allow real estate companies to include real estate with different location and segments such as office and retail. Using this, the risk is limited to the systematic component, where asset based-idiosyncratic risk is tried to be reduced when included enough number of assets to the basket. The management should be capable of determining which risks taking and which to transfer. Some risks such as earthquake, fire, vehicle crush, terrorist activities are rare in nature but can cause severe damage when it takes place. The insurance policies can cover these events which most of the time are reinsured. In addition derivatives are available to hedge some of the risks. These can be traded on the market or over-the-counter. By using derivatives it is possible to hedge interest rate risk, inflation, currency risks, and property price changes. To hedge interest rate risk which is also studied in this report, instruments such as cap, swap, and collar are available. The research is investigating the role of interest rate risk in the performance of real estate management companies. The variables used in this research are 30 years treasury yield, and exchange closing price for CBRE Group Inc. , Journal of Financial Risk Management and other risks that real estate management industry is exposed. 
A Comparisonal Study on Satisfaction of Chinese and Foreign Visitors about Performance Arts of Intangible Cultural Heritage-Taking Impression of Liu Sanjie as Example. In recent years, there is an increasing trend of intangible cultural heritage tourism products, especially real-life scenery performance tourism products. Since 2005 only "Impression" series of real-life scenery performance has seven performances, but few have good development until now. This report selects "Impression of Liu Sanjie" real-life scenery performance as example, try to establish a "Impression of Liu Sanjie" real-life scenery performance tourist satisfaction measurement system, through the survey of Chinese and foreign tourists satisfaction "Impression of Liu Sanjie", using empirical research and the combination of horizontal comparison method, comparing and analyzing foreign tourists satisfaction in order to provide a positive role in guiding similar performance arts Intangible cultural Heritage real-life scenery performance. 
Open Peer Review SCIMITAR+ Trial: A randomised study within a trial (SWAT) of a contingent financial reward to improve trial follow-up [version 1; peer review: 1 approved, 1 not approved] version 2 (revision). To evaluate the effectiveness of a contingent financial Background: incentive (PS10 note in addition to a routinely provided PS10 voucher) versus no contingent financial incentive, on improving the retention rate in a randomised controlled trial (RCT). 
Estimation of Unobserved Inflation Expectations in India Using State-Space Model. This report estimates the unobserved inflation expectations in India between 1993: Q1 to 2017: Q1 from the Fisher equation relation based on the state space approach using Kalman Filter. We find inflation forecast obtained from Fischer equation by applying Kalman Filter match well with the inflation forecasts made. 
Use of the Dominance-Based Rough Set Ap-proach as a Decision Aid Tool for the Selection of Development Projects in Northern Quebec. The purpose of this article is to present a summary of research results relating to the application of the dominance-based rough set (DRSA) approach to the selection of projects in the context of the Northern Quebec development plan. Based on this research, decision makers will be able to rank municipalities according to their actual needs in social and economic terms. We believe that public administrators will be able to use various socio-economic indicators in order to classify, based on chosen criteria, municipalities (objects) in one of the following four categories: [A]-the best in the region in terms of the criteria considered; [B]-those that need support in order to acquire category A status; [C]-those that need support in order to acquire category B status; [D]those ranked lowest in the region and needing special support with regard to the criterion or criteria considered. These four categories are delimited by quartiles relative to the average ranking of municipalities. The chosen criteria are measured in order to provide decision rules based on this classification. These decision rules thus focus on the social and economic needs of municipalities with respect to improving their performance and classification. By targeting these needs, DRSA will help administrators of the Northern Quebec development plan to prioritize actions or to evaluate, for example the social and economic impact of a project in a municipality. 
The Two Defaults Scenario for Stressing Credit Portfolio Loss Distributions. The impact of a stress scenario of default events on the loss distribution of a credit portfolio can be assessed by determining the loss distribution conditional on these events. While it is conceptually easy to estimate loss distributions conditional on default events by means of Monte Carlo simulation, it becomes impractical for two or more simultaneous defaults as then the conditioning event is extremely rare. We provide an analytical approach to the calculation of the conditional loss distribution for the CreditRisk + portfolio model with independent random loss given default distributions. The analytical solution for this case can be used to check the accuracy of an approximation to the conditional loss distribution whereby the unconditional model is run with stressed input probabilities of default (PDs). It turns out that this approximation is unbiased. Numerical examples, however, suggest that the approximation may be seriously inaccurate but that the inaccuracy leads to overestimation of tail losses and, hence, the approach errs on the conservative side. 
Research on Customer Geographic Proximity and Inventory Management-Empirical Evidence from Chinese Manufacturing Listed Companies. Using the hand collected data of the top five clients of manufacturing enterprises in China, this report examines the effect of customer geographic proximity on the inventory management level of manufacturing enterprises. The results show that there is a positive relation between the geographic proximity and inventory management level: the greater the geography proximity of customers, the lower the proportion of inventory, the higher the inventory turnover rate. This report not only contributes to the literature on the factors affecting the level of inventory management and the supply chain management, but also provides reference on how the manufacturing enterprises can maintain the relationship with customers better, and improve inventory management efficiency. 
Research on the Burnout of High School Teachers Based on Teacher Professional Development. High school teachers are an important part of the national teacher group. However, with the reform and development of education in China, the requirements for teachers are becoming stricter and stricter. Teachers have gradually shown burnout in teaching work, which has seriously affected teaching work and teachers' developing themselves. Therefore, based on the perspective of teacher professional development, this report analyzes and studies the causes of job burnout in high school teachers through literature analysis, and proposes measures to promote teachers' professional development, reduce burnout and promote teaching quality. 
A new dataset Funding information. Research Summary: Here, I document the governing copyright law and process of digitizing print records with specific application to the Jaques Cattell directories of U. S. R&D. This novel dataset covers 2,805 companies with 8,525 facilities, including location, reporting line within the organization, numbers of professional staff and technicians, and R&D fields over the years 1975-1998. The dataset includes a match to the Compustat identifier, gvkey. As an illustration, I use the new dataset to investigate the effect of organization structure on innovation. By contrast with previous research based on smaller samples, I find no significant relation between organization structure and innovation. Managerial Summary: Here, I document the governing copyright law and process of digitizing print records with specific application to the Jaques Cattell directories of U. S. R&D. This novel dataset covers 2,805 companies with 8,525 facilities, including location, reporting line within the organization, numbers of professional staff and technicians, and R&D fields over the years 1975-1998. The dataset is matched to Compustat. It can be used to study novel issues including (a) the effect of complementary manufacturing and marketing assets on how a company exploits its technological capabilities; (b) the relation between the centralization of the R&D organization and productivity of innovation; (c) how clusters influence the location of R&D facilities; and (iv) how state law affects the geography of R&D. K E Y W O R D S dataset, location, organization, personnel, R&D. 
Nordic Container Port Sustainability Performance-A Conceptual Intelligent Framework. There is a lack of both integrative frameworks for container ports and dedicated ones to the Nordic region as observed in the literature. The purpose of this report is to fill that gap by proposing a conceptual intelligent sustainability performance management framework for Nordic container ports. First a description of such framework is given where the application of artificial intelligence is vital. Then, scanning the literature for performance measurement, features of ports in the Nordic region and port sustainability is undertaken. A dedicated list of key performance indicators is suggested. Finally, a prototype based on hypothetical data is developed for demonstration purposes. 
Approaches to energy-efficient activities of business entities in industrial sectors of the economy in Russia and European countries. The article contains an analysis of the statistical data of the bodies of Russian and European statistics on end-users of energy resources. The study focuses on industrial activities, which means that the work identifies the place where the most energy-intensive activities are highlighted and the problems of reducing energy costs are considered. The practice of using the energy service contract mechanism in the Russian Federation and the EU is analyzed, and the prospects for its distribution in industrial activities are assessed. The resulting issue is the development of recommendations for improving the energy efficiency of industrial enterprises, taking into account the accumulated international experience and current trends in the sustainable development of the economies of the EU and the Russian Federation. 
Highly versus Normally Attractive Person in Picture Reviews. This research explored the impact of person's physical attractiveness in the picture reviews on women's clothing purchase intention. The results showed that the physical attractiveness of the person in the picture reviews significantly affected the purchase intention of consumers, and the highly attractive person (HAP) could promote the purchase behavior of consumers. Body image was a mediator in the relationship between person's physical attractiveness in picture reviews and consumers' purchase intention, that is, people's physical attractiveness indirectly influenced consumers' purchase intention through body image. Finally, the influence of person's physical attractiveness on consumers' purchase intention was moderated by perceived similarity. When the consumers perceived that the people in the pictures were similar, HAP would promote their buying behavior. However, when the consumers perceived that the people in the pictures were dissimilar, HAP would reduce their buying behavior. 
The role of electronic word-of-mouth in influencing consumer repurchase intention in social commerce. This research investigates the way consumer repurchase intention in social commerce is shaped by electronic word-of-mouth at global scale. Building our argument by drawing on data collected from Deloitte, eMarketer, MarketingCharts, Marketing Insider Group, McKinsey, Mediakix, Nielsen, Smart Insights, and Statista, we performed analyses and made estimates regarding trusted information sources according to consumers, products/services that Internet users have personally recommended to others, channels through which Internet users would like to receive recommendations from others, leading social media marketing tactics among marketers/media agency professionals, sources that have influenced a recent purchase decision, what are retail digital buyers most concerned about when choosing a social e-commerce platform, important information in online reviews that influence purchase decisions according to Internet users, % of respondents who made a purchase influenced by electronic word-of-mouth channels, leading social media trends that will have the biggest effect on their advertising and marketing strategies, Internet users who agree that online reviews have an important influence on purchase decisions (by age), effective content formats for influencer marketing, and factors that influence whether a product is considered at each stage of the consumer decision journey. The data for this research were collected through an online survey questionnaire and were analyzed via structural equation modeling on a sample of 4,200 respondents. 
Can Big Fish in a Small Pond Also Swim Happily? The Influence of Perceived Overqualification on Career Success. Building on the conservation of resource theory, this analysis tries to examine the effect of perceived overqualification (POQ) on career success as well as the associated underlying mechanism. Specifically, our study proposed a moderated mediation model in which perceived overqualification influenced career success through job crafting, and career concern was served as the first-stage moderator. All hypotheses were tested. We collected the data from 195 full-time employees from the MBA classes in China, using a series of regression analysis combined with bootstrapping method. Four conclusions were obtained: 1) POQ was positively related to objective and subjective career success; 2) Such relationships were partially mediated by job crafting; 3) Career concern moderated the relationship between POQ and job crafting, such that the higher the employees' career concern, the stronger positive relationship between POQ and job crafting; 4) Career concern moderated the mediating effect of job crafting on the relationship between POQ and career success, such that this effect was stronger when employees' career concern was high. 
Financial product development and members' voluntary saving behavior in saving and credit cooperatives in Tigray: A case study in Endamohoni Woreda PUBLIC INTEREST STATEMENT. This survey study aimed to analyze the financial product development and members' saving behavior in saving and credit cooperative societies (SACCOs) in the Endamohoni Woreda district in Tigary, Ethiopia. Using cluster random sampling, the study was conducted in four SACCOs and selected 96 members from the SACCOs. Data were collected using structured questionnaire and focus group discussion. Binary logistic regression was employed to identify and analyze the determinants of members' voluntary savings. Results showed that voluntary savings are significantly affected by age, marital status, educational level, number of dependents, access to training, household size, safety, and years of membership in SACCOs. The results also showed that the SACCOs provide a very limited range of financial products to their members. Yet, the survey indicated that the members have access to other formal financial institutions, other than their own SACCOs given that their access to loans was easier and service delivery was faster in those financial institutions than the SACCOs. Therefore, the SACCOs and the concerned bodies regarding the development promotion of SACCOs need to take into consideration the aforementioned factors when designing policies and strategies that aim at enhancing voluntary savings of the SACCOs' members. 
RESEAR CH A RTIC LE Do Farmer Professional Cooperatives Improve Technical Efficiency and Income? Evidence from Small Vegetable Farms in China. China's small-scale agricultural producers face many challenges to increasing productivity and efficiency. In recent years, the Chinese government has provided support for farmer professional cooperatives (FPCs) to connect small farms with upstream and downstream processes in the food supply chain. This analysis combines propensity score matching and sample selection-corrected stochastic production frontier analysis to estimate the impacts of FPC participation by greenhouse vegetable producers on technical efficiency and income. Results indicate that FPCs help participants improve returns to scale and marginal returns to land and labor, increase technical efficiency, and obtain Y=4,460 (18%) greater income per greenhouse than nonparticipants. 
+ 1 = 3: Synergy Arithmetic in Economics. Counting has always been one of the most important operations for human beings. Naturally, it is inherent in economics and business. We count with the unique arithmetic, which humans have used for millennia. However, over time, the most inquisitive thinkers have questioned the validity of standard arithmetic in certain settings. It started in ancient Greece with the famous philosopher Zeno of Elea, who elaborated a number of paradoxes questioning popular knowledge. Millennia later, the famous German researcher Herman Helmholtz (1821-1894) [1] expressed reservations about applicability of conventional arithmetic with respect to physical phenomena. In the 20 th and 21 st century, mathematicians such as Yesenin-Volpin (1960) [2], Van Bendegem (1994) [3], Rosinger (2008) [4] and others articulated similar concerns. In validation, in the 20 th century expressions such as 1 + 1 = 3 or 1 + 1 = 1 occurred to reflect important characteristics of economic, business, and social processes. We call these expressions synergy arithmetic. It is common notion that synergy arithmetic has no meaning mathematically. However in this report we mathematically ground and explicate synergy arithmetic. 
Sustainability Viewpoint Will Businesses and Business Schools Meet the Grand Challenges of the Era?. Meeting today's grand challenges means changing the economics paradigm that informs both business practice and business/management education. This report asks whether business schools meet the challenges of the 21st century and argues not without shifting away from the core-neoliberal-paradigm of economics. This essay makes the following argument. Paradigms shape narratives. Changing core narratives is a powerful lever for transformation. Narratives are constructed of core ideas (memes) that replicate readily from mind to mind. Neoliberalism's memes are pervasive and highly resonant in business schools. To move towards sustainability, the fundamentals taught in business school need to shift away from neoliberalism's tenets towards what gives life to economic systems. From a theory perspective, neoliberalism's lack of attention to social and ecological consequences of economic activity plays a large part in shaping today's crises, including the pandemic, climate change, and biodiversity loss. A new/next economics paradigm is needed that shifts away from an emphasis on only financial wealth and constant economic growth on a finite plant towards life-centered economies that foster wellbeing and flourishing for all, creating what scholars call collective value. The result of this analysis is a conceptualization supporting new memes that include collaboration and competition, stewardship of the whole system, a cosmopolitan to local sensibility, and recognition of humanity's deep embeddedness and connection with other people, other beings, and nature. The article concludes that business schools need to meet this challenge head on, changing the fundamentals of what is taught and why. 
Mental budgeting and the financial management of small and medium entrepreneurs Mental budgeting and the financial management of small and medium entrepreneurs ABOUT THE AUTHOR. The present study examines the influences of mental budgeting on the financial management of SMEs, via a survey of SME owners' practices regarding various issues in financial management. The samples of 201 SMEs were randomly selected from the city of Chittagong, Bangladesh and interviewed using a structured questionnaire and the data have been analysed using descriptive statistics, principal component analysis and ordinal logistic regression. The results of the study show that own savings and loans from relatives are the major sources of the business capital with micro-credit coming in the second place. The earnings from existing business were mostly used to meet family expenditures. The results also show that Mental Budgeting (MB) and its determinants like other sources of income over existing business, never spending more than a fixed amount, having an overview of checking balance, long-term future orientation and financial product knowledge have significant influences on the financial management of SMEs. However, no evidences of several aspects were found in the same field. 
Public Accountability: Implications of the Conspiratorial Relationship between Political Appointees and Civil Servants in Nigeria. The paper focuses on the conspiratorial relationship between Accounting Officers and Political Appointees in Nigeria and how this merge has affected public accountability. The conspiratorial relationship has led to flagrant and deliberate abuse of best practices and due process all in a bid to steal public funds. The absence of public accountability has also increased the chances of corrupt practices by both the political appointees and civil servants. This report advocates administrative reform and good governance, encompassing public accountability to ensure that the people are held accountable for their behaviours as a deterrent to corrupt practices. 
Understanding the economics of limited access orders: incentives, organizations and the chronology of developments. In 'Violence and Social Orders', North, Wallis and Weingast highlight the need of societies to control large-scale violence. In response to this need, a variety of social orders has emerged with differing institutional, political and economic characteristics. One of these social orders is the limited access order that was prevalent in most of history and still is nowadays. Taking the conceptual framework of North et al. as a starting point, we make three advances to their analysis of limited access orders. First, we analyse the incentive structure of actors involved, using a formal model of the main interactions in a limited access order. Second, we decompose organizations into two types and analyse their respective roles. Third, we use insights from historical research to scrutinize the chronology of the rise of organizations. Jointly, this allows us to refine and substantiate the insights gained by North et al. , highlight the role of organizations and place the start of relevant developments earlier in time. extract rents, find safety, better employ labour or land, or acquire freedom or political leverage. In addition, we should ask how the institutional structure of society is itself shaped by these incentives and how and why it develops over time, for instance, from less to more open systems of exchange or political interaction. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Embodied in the Chinese International Trade of Computer Products. Previous studies investigated greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions embodied in the trade of large groups of products by using the input-output model. However, very little attention was paid from the product's perspective via the bottom-up process-based life cycle assessment (LCA) model. In this report via the process-based LCA approach, GHG emissions embodied in the computer trade between China and its major trade partners were examined over the period 2002 to 2013. Results revealed that China has been the largest net exporter of GHG emissions related to computers over the last decade, where portable computer products made up the main share. In 2002, the largest trade flow of GHG emissions embodied in computers was from Taiwan to the USA, while in 2013 it was from China to the USA. Moreover, technological innovation and geographical variability were taken into consideration as emission factors of computers, as well as the uncertainty analysis. This analysis found that the main driver of computer-related emissions embodied in international trade is industry transfer. The actual production of computers has shifted steadily away from the USA, firstly to Taiwan and ASEAN, but now almost entirely to China. Results of this analysis suggest that reduction of carbon emission is destined to be a global responsibility. 
Economia e Conhecimento * Economics and Knowledge. Resumo: O autor desenvolve argumentos para criticar a visao de que os modelos de equilibrio de que trata a teoria economica convencional sao adequados a realidade. Sua argumentacao demonstra a subjetividade inerente aos fenomenos das ciencias sociais e coloca em evidencia as limitacoes da ciencia economica, impostas tanto pela ausencia de conhecimento pleno, quanto pela dispersao do conhecimento na sociedade. 
Adapting Business of Energy Corporations to Macro-Policies Aiming at a Sustainable Economy. The Case for New Powering of Automobiles. A portfolio of new energy technologies has emerged in the first decade of the 21st Century, and many of them could be used for restructuring the energy sector towards Sustainable Development. A key subject in this quest is the future of automobile, with possibilities on powering ranging from biofuels to Hydrogen Cars (HC), to Electric Vehicles (EV). In turn, the latter is closely connected with the need to deploy Renewable Energies (RE) for electricity generation. Within such new situation, countries and governments are aware that there are new tools for fighting Global Warming (GW), and new policies could be established for winning this battle against CO 2. All these initiatives will affect the future of energy corporations, notably hydrocarbon companies; and it should be noted that it will be difficult for the companies to define long-term strategies if energy policies convey upheavals, sudden changes in promoting alternatives and interruptions on activities. Hence, it is very important to adopt energy policies allowing a smooth evolution of the companies' activities to the new energy model. After analyzing the alternatives with a forecasting-backcasting methodology, an "eclectic approach" is proposed, with the Plug-in Hybrid car with Flexible Fuel (PiHFF) as the central paradigm in the coming promoting policies. 
A Fuzzy Model for Evaluating Cultivation Quality of Talents of Software Engineering at the Campus Universities. In order to measure the quality of talent cultivation at the school of software engineering, a quality evaluation model based on fuzzy theory is put forward. In the model, a three-layer architecture, which is composed of overall goal layer, second goal layer, and attribute layer, is set up. It places emphasis on the demand of talents with practicability and engineering in the field of software engineering. Then a case is used in the model to illustrate its effectiveness. The experimental results show that the model can comparatively better evaluate the quality of talent cultivation, reach the expected objective, and fulfill the practical demand. According to the model, a quality evaluation software system is developed while a rainfall lifecycle development model and Microsoft Visual C++ Development Studio are utilized. 
Wind-Induced Vibration Control of Dalian International Trade Mansion by Tuned Liquid Dampers. This report focuses on the wind-induced vibration control of the Dalian international trade mansion DITM by using the tuned liquid dampers TLDs. To avoid the intensive computationally demanding problem caused by tens of thousand of degrees of freedom DOF of the structure in the numerical analysis, the three-dimension finite element model of the DITM is first simplified to the equivalent series multi-DOF system. The wind loading is subsequently simulated by the Davenport model according to the structural environmental condition where the actual samples of wind speed are measured. Following that, the shallow-and deep-water wave theories are applied to model the liquid sloshing inside TLDs, the tank sizing, and required water depth, and numbers of TLDs are given according to the numerical results of different cases. Comparisons between uncontrolled and controlled displacement and acceleration responses of the DITM under wind forces show that the designed shallow tank has higher efficiency than the deep one, which can effectively reduce the structural response amplitudes and enhance the comfortableness of the mansion. The preliminary TLD design procedure presented in this report could be applied as a reference to the analysis and design of the wind-induced vibration for high-rise buildings using the TLD. 
Information Editorial Multiple-Criteria Decision-Making (MCDM) Techniques for Business Processes Information Management. Information management is a common paradigm in modern decision-making. A wide range of decision-making techniques have been proposed in the literature to model complex business processes. In this Special Issue, 16 selected and peer-reviewed original research articles contribute to business information management in various current real-world problems by proposing crisp or uncertain multiple-criteria decision-making (MCDM) models and techniques, mostly including multi-attribute decision-making (MADM) approaches in addition to a single paper proposing an interactive multi-objective decision-making (MODM) approach. The papers are mainly concentrated in three application areas: supplier selection and rational order allocation, the evaluation and selection of goods or facilities, and personnel selection/partner selection. A number of new approaches are proposed that are expected to attract great interest from the research community. 
Notas sobre os Reflexos Intergeracionais da Expansao dos Direitos Fundamentais Notes On the Intergenerational Reflections of the Expansion of Fundamental Rights. Resumo: O presente artigo tem por escopo delinear algumas consequencias intergeracionais oriundas da expansao dos direitos fundamentais. Para tanto, sera exposto, em um primeiro momento, o itinerario historico da afirmacao dos direitos fundamentais no mundo ocidental, enfatizando-se que eles surgiram como direitos de liberdade. Em seguida serao mostrados os reflexos da continua ampliacao desses direitos, como a intervencao do Estado na economia e o endividamento publico, e seus corolarios, quais sejam, ciclos economicos, inflacao e crises. Por fim, sera apresentada uma teoria liberal para os direitos fundamentais adequada ao principio da equidade intergeracional, baseada na etica da liberdade de Murray Rothbard. 
Readiness assessment of information integration in a hospital using an analytic network process method for decision-making in a healthcare network. This analysis contributes to the promotion of healthcare information integration and readiness assessment of the factors impacted by quality improvement in hospital performance, which is beneficial for developing the healthcare industry because errors or integrated information can significantly affect the safety of patients and their confidence in the healthcare system. This research method is proposed to identify and confirm capability factors after readiness assessment with empirical testing, and the data were collected from hospitals in Thailand. An analytic network process was used as a tool for calculating and testing the readiness assessment of the integrated information results. The results show factor improvement of information integration and effects on the performance of hospitals in the healthcare industry. Three capability factors were found to have a significant impact on information integration and hospital performance. The model analysis suggests that the identified capability factors (organizational, group and individual) should be improved with regard to information integration, which is used to evaluate performance in the healthcare industry, and this risk assessment may be useful in other relevant industries. 
Automatika Journal for Control, Measurement, Electronics, Computing and Communications Overcoming spatio-angular trade-off in light field acquisition using compressive sensing Overcoming spatio-angular trade-off in light field acquisition using compressive sensing. In contrast to conventional cameras which capture a 2D projection of a 3D scene by integrating the angular domain, light field cameras preserve the angular information of individual light rays by capturing a 4D light field of a scene. On the one hand, light field photography enables powerful post-capture capabilities such as refocusing, virtual aperture, depth sensing and perspective shift. On the other hand, it has several drawbacks, namely, high-dimensionality of the captured light fields and a fundamental trade-off between spatial and angular resolution in the camera design. In this report, we propose a compressive sensing approach to light field acquisition from a sub-Nyquist number of samples. Using an off-the-shelf measurement setup consisting of a digital projector and a Lytro Illum light field camera, we demonstrate the efficiency of the compressive sensing approach by improving the spatial resolution of the acquired light field. This report presents a proof of concept with a simplified 3D scene as the scene of interest. Results obtained by the proposed method show significant improvement in the spatial resolution of the light field as well as preserved post-capture capabilities. 
Does Ethical Behavior of Management Influence Financial Reporting Quality?. This report aims to examine the relationship between managerial ethics level and financial reporting quality mainly focusing on accounting conservatism. Recently, there has been evidence to support the argument that managerial ethics level can affect reporting quality in the business world. Hence, this report seeks to compare both fraud and non-fraud firms in terms of their ethical practice in the business. Furthermore, this analysis provides a more realistic perspective by making a comparison with previous studies. To test the hypotheses, we chose 243 fraud firms and compared them with the same number of non-fraud firms listed in the KOSPI and KOSDAQ from 2005 to 2012. The analysis using two groups across the time horizon reveals that the measured values of accounting conservatism do not show any meaningful difference between fraud and non-fraud firms. Additionally, fraud firms have greater absolute discretionary accruals than their counterparts. This result suggests that fraud firms are more likely to manipulate their earnings than the non-fraud firms. Also, accruals quality of fraud firms is lower than that of non-fraud firms. The significance of the paper lies in the fact that we used different criteria to judge a company's comparative ethics level. 
The Increasing Financial Impact of Chronic Kidney Disease in Australia. The aim of this investigation was to determine and compare current and projected expenditure associated with chronic kidney disease (CKD), renal replacement therapy (RRT), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in Australia. Data published by Australia and New Zealand Dialysis and Transplant Registry, Australian Institute of Health and Welfare, and World Bank were used to compare CKD-, RRT-, and CVD-related expenditure and prevalence rates. Prevalence and expenditure predictions were made using a linear regression model. Direct statistical comparisons of rates of annual increase utilised indicator variables in combined regressions. Statistical significance was set at < 0. 05. Dollar amounts were adjusted for inflation prior to analysis. Between 2012 and 2020, prevalence, per-patient expenditure, and total disease expenditure associated with CKD and RRT are estimated to increase significantly more rapidly than CVD. RRT prevalence is estimated to increase by 29%, compared to 7% in CVD. Average annual RRT per-patient expenditure is estimated to increase by 16%, compared to 8% in CVD. Total CKD-and RRT-related expenditure had been estimated to increase by 37%, compared to 14% in CVD. Per-patient, CKD produces a considerably greater financial impact on Australia's healthcare system, compared to CVD. Research focusing on novel preventative/therapeutic interventions is warranted. 
Modern information technologies in the hotel business: development trends and implementation issues. This article discusses the main developments in information technologies of the hotel business, which is especially relevant due to the fact that today the process of economy digitalization in the Russian Federation significantly influences hospitality industry. Automation of hotels associated with the use of modern technologies particularly improves the quality of customer service. In this research major trends in the development of information technologies in hotel business were identified. They include: cloud computing, artificial intelligence, blockchain, augmented reality, etc. This report defines the main problems of introduction of modern information technologies in hospitality industry. The study revealed that currently, information technologies are improving rapidly, directly impacting hotel business, but also assessing hotel market of the Russian Federation. In terms of development and use of modern information technologies it is important to note that a lot depends on management of a specific hospitality enterprise. 
Materials Alkali-Activated Cements for TES Materials in Buildings' Envelops Formulated With Glass Cullet Recycling Waste and Microencapsulated Phase Change Materials. Within the thermal energy storage field, one of the main challenges of this analysis is the development of new enhanced heat storage materials to be used in the building sector. The purpose of this analysis is the development of alkali-activated cements (AACs) with mechanical properties to store high amounts of heat. These AACs incorporate wastes from industrial glass process as well as microencapsulated phase change materials (mPCMs) to improve the thermal inertia of building walls, and accordingly respective energy savings. The research presented below consists of the exhaustive characterization of different AACs formulated from some waste generated during the proper management of municipal waste used as precursor. In this case study, AACs were formulated with the waste generated during the recycling of glass cullet, namely ceramic, stone, and porcelain (CSP), which is embedding a mPCM. The addition of mPCM was used as thermal energy storage (TES) material. The mechanical properties were also evaluated in order to test the feasibility of the use of the new formulated materials as a passive TES system. The results showed that the AAC obtained from CSP (precursors) mixed with mPCMs to obtain a thermal regulator material to be implemented in building walls was reached successfully. The material developed was resistant enough to perform as insulating panels. The formulated materials had high storage capacity depending on the PCM content. The durability of the mPCM shell was studied in contact with alkaline medium (NaOH 4 M) and no degradation was confirmed. Moreover, the higher the content of mPCM, the lower the mechanical properties expected, due to the porosity increments with mPCM incorporation in the formulations. 
Bismut-Elworthy-Li formula for subordinated Brownian motion applied to hedging financial derivatives. The objective of the paper is to extend the results in Fournie, Lasry, Lions, Lebuchoux, and Touzi (1999), Cass and Fritz (2007) for continuous processes to jump processes based on the Bismut-Elworthy-Li (BEL) formula in Elworthy and Li (1994). We construct a jump process using a subordinated Brownian motion where the subordinator is an inverse -stable process (L t ) t>=0 with (0, 1]. The results are derived using Malliavin integration by parts formula. We derive representation formulas for computing financial Greeks and show that in the event when L t [?] t, we retrieve the results in Fournie et al. (1999). The purpose is to by-pass the derivative of an (irregular) pay-off function in a jump-type market by introducing a weight term in form of an integral with respect to subordinated Brownian motion. Using MonteCarlo techniques, we estimate financial Greeks for a digital option and show that the BEL formula still performs better for a discontinuous pay-off in a jump asset model setting and that the finite-difference methods are better for continuous pay-offs in a similar setting. In summary, the motivation and contribution of this report demonstrates that the Malliavin integration by parts representation formula holds for subordinated Brownian motion and, this representation is useful in developing simple and tractable hedging strategies (the Greeks) in jump-type derivatives market as opposed to more complex jump models. 
Can Banks Circumvent Minimum Capital Requirements? The Case of Mortgage Portfolio under Basel II. The recent mortgage crisis has resulted in several bank failures. Under the current Basel I capital framework, banks are not required to hold a sufficient amount of capital to support the risk associated with their mortgage activities. The new Basel II capital rules are intended to be more risk based and would require the right amount of capital buffer to support bank risk. However, Basel II models could become too complex and too costly to implement, often resulting in a trade-off between complexity and model accuracy. Since the Basel II rules are meant to be principal based (rather than prescriptive), banks have the flexibility to build risk models that best fit their unique structure. We find that the variation of the model, particularly how mortgage portfolios are segmented, could have a significant impact on the default and loss estimated. This report finds that the calculated Basel II capital varies considerably across the default prediction model and segmentation schemes, thus providing banks with an incentive to choose an approach that results in the least required capital for them. We find that a more granular segmentation model produces smaller required capital, regardless of the economic environment. Our results suggest that banks may have incentives to build risk models that meet the Basel II requirement and still yield the least amount of required capital. 
Can Servant Leaders Fuel the Leadership Fire? The Relationship between Servant Leadership and Followers' Leadership Avoidance. This analysis tested the effect of servant leadership on followers' inclinations to strive for and, in contrast, to avoid leadership responsibility. Results from a study in the health care context, including two waves of data from 222 employees, revealed that servant leadership had a small but positive effect on followers' leadership avoidance. This effect was influenced by followers' implicit conception of an ideal leader. Specifically, servant leadership was found to reduce leadership avoidance when the congruence with the followers' ideal leader prototype was high. Furthermore, followers' core self-evaluations and affective motivation to lead mediated the relationship between servant leadership and reduced leadership avoidance. Implications of these patterns for theory and practice and avenues for future research are discussed. 
Privacy Negotiation in Socio-Technical Systems. A socio-technical system (STS) is an approach to complex organizational work design that recognizes the interaction between people and technology in workplaces. The term also refers to the interaction between society's complex infrastructures and human behavior. In this sense, society itself, and most of its substructures, are complex socio-technical systems. This report addresses a class of socio-technical systems, represented by web services in a number of domains and attempts to understand the possibility of empowering the web users and consumers to have a say in the development of privacy agreements. This report examines the likelihood of the web users and consumers leveraging such a capability, should it exist. This should improve the way privacy agreements are handled that benefits both the service providers and the web users. 
Measuring the Effect of Child Benefit on Household Expenditures: Evidence from Canadian Households' Survey Data. This analysis examines the effects of the Canada Child Benefit on household expenditures. Estimation of child benefit impact on household expenditure is challenging since benefit and household income may be endogenously determined. Relying on permanent income hypothesis and based on Engel's approach, findings suggest that spending patterns vary by household composition and income, but overall results indicate that receipt of this benefit is associated with a significant increase in households' wellbeing. More specifically, expenditure elasticities estimates indicate that spending on child care for households receiving higher proportions of the benefit is the most sensitive spending to any change in household permanent income, which may indicate the existence of financial constraints for those households that prevent them from maximizing their utility. Similarly, spending on school-related items for those receiving lower proportions also represents a sensitive spending. 
Model of Islamic Social Entrepreneurship: A Study on Successful Muslim Social Entrepreneur in Malaysia. Since research effort in the area is minimal, there is a clear need to examine the practice of Islamic social entrepreneurship among successful Muslim social entrepreneurs in Malaysia. One such practice is to organize charitable activities to benefit the community through the gains made from entrepreneurial activities that are based on social mission and vision. The research problem is lacking of model on Islamic social entrepreneurship. The main objective of this report is to develop a Model of Islamic Social Entrepreneurship based on successful Muslim social entrepreneur in Malaysia. The research method used in this analysis is literature review, content analysis, and interview with 14 participants constituting nine successful Muslim social entrepreneurs and five experts with religious academic backgrounds participated in the study. The research finding shows that model of Islamic social entrepreneurship is the major contribution of the study which could serve as guidelines for successful Muslim social entrepreneurs, particularly young entrepreneurs. 
Validation of a Tunisian Version of the French Scale State Anxiety in Competition (EEAC): Sport and Exercise Context. This analysis aims to adapt the CSAI-2 in the French version (EEAC), among 156 Tunisian athlete boys and girls one hour before competition. Therefore, our purpose is to refine the factorial analysis and get a shorter but stronger structure of the EECA version. Our study proposes a new Tunisian version of 13 items with (a = 0. 85) instead of the first twenty three French version. 
Engaging in Social Action at Work: Demographic Differences in Participation. Many organizations are utilizing corporate social responsibility initiatives that require employee participation. These initiatives, which involve social action at work (SAW), can be a source of reputational gains, benefit the community, and increase employee organizational identification [1]. Although research has been conducted on employee volunteer programs (EVP), one aspect of SAW, those studies have not identified the characteristics of employees who are most likely to participate in EVP nor have they considered the wide range of SAW programs. In the field of Sociology, extensive research has been conducted to identify characteristics of volunteers, but these volunteer programs are outside the context of CSR initiatives. This research addresses this gap by identifying the characteristics of enployees who engage in SAW across a wide range of activities. The results of the study can help hone future research questions and aid practitioners in developing and marketing SAW programs that resonate with employees and maximize participation for the good of the employees, organization, and community as a whole. 
Relationship between Stage of Change for Three Health Behaviors and Perceived Stress in Chinese Adults. We propose stress management behavior, exercise, and scheduled sleep to represent the general intention and actual practices aimed to relieve stress by the application of the transtheoretical model (TTM). Randomly selected Chinese adults aged 18 -64 were tested through an internet survey. The stage distributions for the three health behaviors were different across the Chinese adults. Stress was significantly higher in action and maintenance stages than in precontemplation and contemplation stages across three health behaviors. Our findings have provided preliminary findings on the applicability of TTM on the three health behaviors in Chinese adults with evidence of concurrent criterion validity. 
Learning Opportunity and EFL Teachers' Questions. As postmethod EFL teaching method was proposed in 1999, ideas on teaching and learning became unthinkably various and dynamic. The views on teachers' questions also changed a lot in postmethod period. The term of learning opportunity bridged teaching and learning in this situation. This article aims to explore the way that an expert teacher, an experienced teacher and a novice teacher provide learning opportunities for the students in their question-answer sequences. A CA approach is used to analyze three teachers' questions based on four different students' first responses: Right Answer, Partly Right Answer, Incomplete Answer and Refusal Answer. The results suggest that the expert teacher can provide more learning opportunities by strengthening students' identities, extending students' contributions, attracting students' involvement and there is an insignificant relation between the type of questions and learning opportunities. It is suggested that EFL teachers can be more aware of the local and dynamic teaching context and promote more negotiation of meaning and students' involvement. 
The Impact of Teenage Pregnancy on Academic Performance of Grade 7 Learners at a School in the Zambezi Region. The Namibia Demographic Survey in 2013 revealed that about one out of five teenagers aged 15 to 19 were either pregnant or had given birth. The United Nations report for the same year believes that about 127 girls get pregnant every day in Namibia. The aim of this article was to find out the impact of teenage pregnancy on academic performance of Grade 7 learners at a school in the Zambezi Region. A qualitative research method was used in this article and two teachers and 4 pregnant learners were interviewed. The findings for this analysis revealed the reasons why these teenagers get pregnant as follows: lack of parental care and control, lack of some material needs, poor peer guidance, lack of sex education, and the influence of alcohol and drug abuse. The impact of teenage pregnancy on academic performance included poor academic performance after the pregnancy, increase dropout because of pregnancy related issues and negative feeling on schooling. 
EXTERNALITIES, PROFIT, AND LAND STEWARDSHIP: CONFLICTING MOTIVES FOR SOIL AND WATER CONSERVATION ADOPTION AMONG ABSENTEE LANDOWNERS AND ON-FARM PRODUCERS. This research aimed to illicit nonfarming absentee landowners' and producers' preferences for the benefits and characteristics derived from conservation practices during adoption decisions using maximum difference scaling, also called the best-worst method. Both groups are found to rank and value the attributes and reasons for adoption of conservation practices differently at the 95% significance level. This difference between the two groups reinforced the importance of land tenure in decision making. This indicated the need for new extension educational efforts, research efforts, and economic incentives to reduce negative externalities that could be ameliorated from adoption of soil and water conservation practices. 
The Invisible Body-Balancing Economics: A Medium Approach. Our global world is under the variety of individual bodies on the division of work. This report would consider the invisible body-balancing network and economics by a medium approach. This medium approach originated from the Newsboy problem, and would be attained by the invisible hand of market (demand) speed at Chameleon's criteria. First, our new treatment and condition to balancing are given. Next, a few trial cases are discussed and verified at the series type. 
Application of Graph Theory in Grain and Oil Deployment. The deployment of grain and oil is related to the daily needs of people and the stability of society. In this report, we take the shortest path problem and the minimum cost maximum flow problem in graph theory as the theoretical basis. Through the establishment of distance matrix between the reserves station and the deployment warehouse or between reserve station and reserve station, we use the Floyd algorithm to calculate the shortest path between any two points in the matrix to determine the optimal deployment of the emergency plan. Through the establishment of mathematical model of the reserve station and deployment warehouse, we use the minimum cost maximum flow theory to solve the model and to obtain the deployment programs of grain and oil under normal circumstances. Through the combination of shortest path and minimum cost and maximum flow, we give the deployment plan under the general emergency situation and provide a new way for the deployment of the supply of grain and oil in each case. 
The Role of a Leader in Stimulating Innovation in an Organization. Many organizations seek ways to stimulate and encourage staff innovation. One ofthese is leadership that can boost staff innovation behavior. The aim of thisarticle is to reflect on leadership and its contribution to stimulating innovation. To achieve the aim of the article-and to verify the hypotheses-deductive inference, the analysis of the subject literature and the author's own questionnaire were used. The research was carried out with an original questionnaire to assess the role of a leader in stimulating innovative activity. The questionnaire consists of 28 statements. The analysis of the results of the empirical research has confirmed the research hypotheses that the role of a leader is to stimulate the creativity of employees and reward their innovative behavior. The analysis of the role of leadership in stimulating organizational innovation showed that the vast majority of statements concerning the role of leadership achieved a mean score above 5. 0 (86%)-an average level. The research suggests that leaders should first and foremost play the following roles in stimulating innovation (e. g. , a performer/creator of employee creativity and a promoter of rewarding the innovative behavior of employees). 
Modeling Influence of Product Quality and Grower Reputation on Prices in Dutch Flower Auctions. The purposes of this analysis are to examine differences in prices that safari sunset flower growers from Israel receive on the Dutch flower bursa, suggest factors that influence such differences, and examine strength and significance of each factor. We show that price differences between growers can reach 36% -47%. In the regression model price differences are regressed on explanatory variables that include proxies for flower quality and grower reputation. The model explains 58% -59% of the price variability and enables to compare elasticity of price by the studied factors. Subsequent ordered probit analysis confirmed the relevance of the chosen variables and their ability to explain also the growers clustering by received prices. Analysis of marginal effects shows that changes in the probability of belonging to a specific price group of growers are consistent with the regression model results. 
A Study of Construction Techniques of Tibetan Villages in Saiergu Town. Traditional residential buildings of Tibetan nationality have been applauded by domestic and international architectural fields for their solid, majestic, dignified and nice features. Raw materials for construction of Tibetan buildings, such as stones, wood and mud, are all taken from nature. Construction method is original and simple hand measurement method. It is impressed by the people all around the world that a strong building that has not been moved for 100 years is built only with simple material and wall building method. At the era of rapid economic development, more and more traditional residential houses are being destroyed. Traditional construction techniques are gradually disappearing and assimilated by modern construction. In this report, the author takes Tibetan Villages in Saiergu Town of Aba state in Sichuan province as main research object, and explores construction techniques of residential houses of the Tibetan villages. Then, the author analyzes and collects building skills from the perspective of architecture. 
Impact Study of Central Bank Communication to Money Market Benchmark Interest Rate. In the past two decades, central bank communication as a new type of monetary policy tool has continually received attention from central banks. With the gradual advance of the market-led interest rate process, most central banks establish policy operation framework which can effectively guide and regulate the market interest rate. This article is based on the implementation of China's monetary policy tools framework, using EGARCH model to empirically study the impact of central bank communication as a new monetary policy tool to benchmark money market rates. The result indicates: the influence of central bank communication to SHIBOR is significant, the direction of impact is in accordance with the direction of monetary policy intentions; verbal communication is more remarkable than written communication in affecting the SHIBOR; increasing the central bank of communication can dampen short-term interest rate fluctuations and can play a positive role in the financial markets. Keywords Central Bank Communication, SHIBOR, EGARCH Model L. P. Zhou, H. S. Wu 70 Zealand in 1989 and Bank of England in 1992 came into forced openness and transparency of monetary policy, the Swedish central bank as a pioneer followed in 1993, the federal reserve released the target interest rate decisions to the public for the first time, central banks' monetary policy operation style also gradually changed from the mysterious to transparent and open. Major performance is that central banks continue to strengthen the communication with financial market and the public. Xie Jiebin [3] defined the central bank communication as the process that the central banks disclosed monetary policy goals, monetary policy strategy, economic forecasts and future monetary policy intentions and other relevant information to the relevant subject, and sought the transmitted information which was recognized by the market. Along with the central bank communication rising importance in the operation of monetary policy, the central bank communication are more and more concerned by scholars. At present, foreign literature studies of central bank communication mainly focus on four aspects: the impact of the central bank communication to monetary policy from theoretical analysis; the study of the central bank communication's practice of monetary policy from empirical perspective; monetary policy committee structure and the central bank communication strategy choice; how to choose the central bank communication "degree". In recent years, China's central bank also complied with the international trend to strengthen the central bank communication. Our central bank has done a lot of work in monetary policy information disclosure and communication: for example, the regular release of monetary policy implementation report, the press conference, etc. But China's monetary policy operation strategy and financial market developed degree compared with the developed economies are quite different, special studies of the central bank communication effect in China are not only necessary but also important for improving the monetary policy operation strategy and the policy effectiveness. Compared with western developed countries, the central bank communication in China started later. And related researches are later than western scholars. As a result, most of the studies are based on the basis of western scholars study. [8], etc. early got into the central bank communication area. From the central bank communication's impact on financial markets and expectations of perspective, Li Yunfeng [9] chose "China's monetary policy implementation report" as a sample, compared central bank communication to macroeconomic variables model in the prediction of the official interest rate differences, and found that Central bank communication improved the explanatory power of official interest rates decision. Ji ZhiBin and Song Qinghua [10] used data from October 2006 to June 2011 in our country, investigated the effect of central bank communication to short-term financial market. Conclusion shows that the influence of China's central bank communication to short-term rates and exchange rate was significant. Zhang Qiang and Hu Rongshang [11] took the stock market as an example. They used the classic macroeconomic models to analyze the impact of central bank communication to financial asset prices and found that the central bank communication could reduce the volatility of stock prices. It is advantageous to the stability of financial asset prices. Zhang Qiang and Hu Rongshang [12] empirically researched the different period of the central bank communication of all kinds of market interest rates and term spreads and credit spreads with EGARCH model. Pan Zaijian [13] used the method of undetermined coefficients to derive interest rate decision equation based on the new Keynesian macroeconomic models. And then it discussed the inner mechanism and channels of the central bank communication guiding interest rate expectations. 
Problems and Countermeasures of Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises Credit Guarantee Company. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SME) have increasingly played an important role in our development of economy. Financing has been restricting the development of SME. The credit guarantee company (CGC) for small and medium-sized enterprises has effectively relieved this problem, and also reduced the risk of commercial banks. It is conducive to the development of SME, CGC and commercial banks. But, in actually, there are many challenges preventing the function of CGC. This report will analyze these problems from three aspects: the CGC itself, the cooperation with bank and the social environment. To solve the problem, we can strengthen risk management and improve the social environment. the credit of small and medium-sized enterprises, so that enterprises can obtain more loans easily. At the same time, the credit guarantee company collects the premium as a reward for lending credit and managing risks. It not only solves the problem of financing of small and medium-sized enterprises, but also diversifies the risks of commercial Banks and increases their business. This is conducive to the sustainable development of SME, commercial Banks and credit guarantee companies. 
Psychological Contract Breach and Turnover Intention: The Intermediary Role of Job Satisfaction. Compared with previous studies, this article, from a dynamic perspective, considers the graduates' expectations for corporate responsibility (CR) and employee responsibility (ER) as virtual psychological contract (PC), and deems the differences between responsibility expectation (RE) and responsibility fulfillment (RF) as psychological contract breach (PCB), for exploring empirically the differences in graduates' perception about PC before and after entering into the workplace, and discussing thoroughly the influence path that PCB acts on job satisfaction (JS) and turnover intention (TI). The results manifest that there are some prominent discrepancies in the cognition about PC, which maybe directly induce graduates' quit. In addition, under the intermediary role of JS, various dimensions of PCB have totally different impacts on TI. 
Bias Literacy for Gender Equity: A Brief Intervention. Although higher education promotes the advancement of women, the number of women in executive leadership positions has remained stagnant over the last decade. Research has suggested that gender inequity frequently arises from implicit or unconscious bias. This mixed-methods study illustrates the results of a 1-hour bias literacy workshop that provided strategies to mitigate unconscious bias for 67 graduate students, including K-12 and higher education administrators. Results demonstrated significant pre-post differences for the Perceived Constraints Scale (p =. 05) which suggested that one month after the workshop, participants still perceived greater constraints with implicit bias and decision-making. Qualitative findings indicated that participants reported increased awareness because of the use of the implicit association test, illustrating Stage 2 (Contemplation) within Prochaska's Stages of Change model. This analysis suggests that the strategies provided by this brief workshop are important for future interventions regarding implicit bias. 
Europe and the World: A law review Externalising Europe's energy policy in EU Free Trade Agreements: A cognitive dissonance between promoting sustainable development and ensuring security of supply? Peer review. It is no secret that while the European Union (EU) has taken up commitments to combat climate change under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change Paris Agreement and its own 2020 and 2030 climate and energy package strategy, the Union continues to be heavily dependent on the import of fossil fuels from abroad. One may even say that this leads to a cognitive dissonance, i. e. the discomfort which ensues if one holds two contradictory values, with respect to the externalisation of the Union's energy and sustainable development policy. On the one hand, the EU aims to become a global frontrunner in the field of promoting renewable energy and sustainable development. This expresses itself through the inclusion of specific chapters on Trade and Sustainable Development in the EU's Free Trade Agreements (FTAs) (standard since the 2011 EU-South Korea FTA). On the other, the EU realises Externalising Europe's energy policy in EU Free Trade Agreements: A cognitive dissonance between promoting sustainable development and ensuring security of supply? 1 that it is imperative to secure the Union's security of energy supply, still largely guaranteed by fossil fuels. Therefore, the Union in parallel attempts to eliminate discriminatory practices in international fossil fuel trade in its bilateral agreements (e. g. in the EU-Ukraine Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement). This report will explore the root causes of this cognitive dissonance and research what elements could contribute to ensuring more coherence in EU external energy policy. The objectives of sustainable development and security of supply are not necessarily contradictory per se. However, clearer delineations between the two objectives are necessary in EU external relations in general, and in the Union's FTAs more specifically. This also applies to relations between Member States and the Union in this area, as well as to the interactions between the relevant EU institutions tasked with energy, sustainable development and the environment. 
Long Memory Process in Asset Returns with Multivariate GARCH Innovations. The main purpose of this report is to consider the multivariate GARCH (MGARCH) framework to model the volatility of a multivariate process exhibiting long-term dependence in stock returns. More precisely, the long-term dependence is examined in the first conditional moment of US stock returns through multivariate ARFIMA process, and the time-varying feature of volatility is explained by MGARCH models. An empirical application to the returns series is carried out to illustrate the usefulness of our approach. The main results confirm the presence of long memory property in the conditional mean of all stock returns. 
On the Emergence and Evolution of Economic Complexity. This report examines the emergence and evolution of economic complexity, defined as large-scale specialization and exchange (LSSE), within the context of a simple coordination game in which communication and coordination costs (institutions) are modeled explicitly. The commonly held view that complexity in the form of LSSE (pre-and post-industrial society) emerged and evolved spontaneously (i. e. as a Nash outcome) is examined critically. Specifically, it is shown that spontaneous-occurring LSSE equilibria are less likely than coordination-based ones (i. e. with a third party). Various communication and coordination strategies (CCSs) are examined, the results of which are then used to examine three complexity-increasing periods, namely ancient Mesopotamia and the first and second industrial revolutions. It is argued that in addition to technological innovations, all three were characterized by important institutional innovations (CCS) including the birth of laisser-faire and the rise of the modern-day, vertically-and horizontally-integrated industrial conglomerate. 
Multiple mechanisms link prestimulus neural oscillations to sensory responses. Spontaneous fluctuations of neural activity may explain why sensory responses vary across repeated presentations of the same physical stimulus. To test this hypothesis, we recorded electroencephalography in humans during stimulation with identical visual stimuli and analyzed how prestimulus neural oscillations modulate different stages of sensory processing reflected by distinct components of the event-related potential (ERP). We found that strong prestimulus alpha-and beta-band power resulted in a suppression of early ERP components (C1 and N150) and in an amplification of late components (after 0. 4 s), even after controlling for fluctuations in 1/f aperiodic signal and sleepiness. Whereas functional inhibition of sensory processing underlies the reduction of early ERP responses, we found that the modulation of non-zero-mean oscillations (baseline shift) accounted for the amplification of late responses. Distinguishing between these two mechanisms is crucial for understanding how internal brain states modulate the processing of incoming sensory information. 
Fabless Semiconductor Firms' Financial Performance Determinant Factors: Product Platform Efficiency and Technological Capability. The semiconductor industry is experiencing a rapid change since new markets and new technologies have emerged to give insights to product innovation. The semiconductor industry is now specializing into the integrated device manufacturer (IDM), fabless, and foundry sectors. We investigated the determinant factors that affect the financial performance of firms in the fabless sector, which is the most technology-intensive and product-oriented sector among the three sectors. The correlation among technological capability, product platform, and financial performance is analyzed by structural equation modeling. The data includes 17,256 patents from 2005 to 2014 and financial data from 2012 to 2016 from 57 firms that run businesses in the fabless sector. Specifically, technological capability includes technological assets, technology breadth, and technology depth. New product development occurs by applying product platform efficiency. Financial performance includes growth and profitability. The results show that advancing product platform efficiency brings positive effects to financial performance. Also, increasing technological depth and technological assets not only improve product platform efficiency, but also bring positive effects to financial performance. In addition, technological depth affected growth positively, and technological breadth affected profitability positively. The results show the direction that new product development strategy needs to take. 
Evaluation of Venture Capital Based on Evaluation Model. This report studies evaluation problem in venture capital. Based on the venture capital and the actual evaluation work, we use an evaluation model proposed by us to evaluate the profitability of enterprises. We establish the impact of investment income and investment risk index system, corresponding to get observational data of the second order indexes. Evaluation model is a kind of generalized linear regression model with convex constraint, in which the dependent variable is unknown and regression coefficients all are calculated in accordance with samples instead of the prior designated. The least squares estimation of the model is given by the interactive projection algorithm between the convex sets, so as to provide a new analysis method for venture capital evaluation index system. 
The Cocktail Effect of BMP-2 and TGF-b1 Loaded in Visible Light-Cured Glycol Chitosan Hydrogels for the Enhancement of Bone Formation in a Rat Tibial Defect Model. Bone tissue engineering scaffolds offer the merits of minimal invasion as well as localized and controlled biomolecule release to targeted sites. In this analysis, we prepared injectable hydrogel systems based on visible light-cured glycol chitosan (GC) hydrogels containing bone morphogenetic protein-2 (BMP-2) and/or transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-b1) as scaffolds for bone formation in vitro and in vivo. The hydrogels were characterized by storage modulus, scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and swelling ratio analyses. The developed hydrogel systems showed controlled releases of growth factors in a sustained manner for 30 days. In vitro and in vivo studies revealed that growth factor-loaded GC hydrogels have no cytotoxicity against MC3T3-E1 osteoblast cell line, improved mRNA expressions of alkaline phosphatase (ALP), type I collagen (COL 1) and osteocalcin (OCN), and increased bone volume (BV) and bone mineral density (BMD) in tibia defect sites. Moreover, GC hydrogel containing BMP-2 (10 ng) and TGF-b1 (10 ng) (GC/BMP-2/TGF-b1-10 ng) showed greater bone formation abilities than that containing BMP-2 (5 ng) and TGF-b1 (5 ng) (GC/BMP-2/TGF-b1-5 ng) in vitro and in vivo. Consequently, the injectable GC/BMP-2/TGF-b1-10 ng hydrogel may have clinical potential for dental or orthopedic applications. 
Is Blended Learning Making Us Stupid, Too?. The title of this report echoes Nicholas Carr's (2008) article, Is Google Making Us Stupid?, which evoked heated debate around the issue of whether the Internet was having negative effects upon human concentration and learning. While this report agrees that blended learning has the same issues as the Internet, blended learning is under the control of organizations, institutions, instructors and students. Whether our brains are being changed for better or worse is not the critical question, but how much confidence we ascribe to blended learning. This report argues that blended learning should be regarded as blended teaching because the phrase comprises a contested assumption. Educators, by their selection of traditional and online media, have complete control over this teaching, but students, in the end, are the ultimate arbiters of their own learning. 
A Comparison of Three Psychometric Values Measures for Modeling Ecologically Conscious Consumption Behavior. We model environmentally conscious consumption behavior (ECCB) with three psychometric values constructs: Schwartz's Self-Transcendence Values, Kahle's List of Values, and Richins and Dawson's Materialism. Comparison of competing models and non-nested specification tests lead to a statistically significant model of ECCB which reasonably fits our author-designed and collected survey data. In addition, benevolence and universalism (elements of Schwartz's construct), and acquisition centrality (an element of Materialism) exhibit statistical significance and conform to expectations. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Ownership of Assets in Chinese Shipping Funds. As the importance of Chinese financial schemes in maritime business increases, and many issues on the ownership of the assets under the current Law remain obscured for international investors, this work argues that a streamlining to international practice is required; therefore, the ownership of the trust property under the shipping fund in China should be transferred to the trustee from the client. The trustee shall possess, employ, benefit, and dispose the trust property in his/her own name, which links up with China's current property legislation, ship registration, and ship arrest regulations. The trust property under the shipping fund in China is independent of the fixed property or other management property of the trustee, the beneficiary, and the custodian. This gives full play to functional advantages of the trust system of the shipping fund, contributes to the expansion of financing channels in the shipping industry in China, guarantees the specialization and flexibility of shipping investment activities and the diversity of the investment subject, promotes development of China's policies about the shipping industry and financial innovation, and boosts the realization of "The Strategy of National Revitalization Based on Marine Industry Development" and "The Belt and Road Initiatives" and construction of Shanghai International Shipping Center and International Finance Center. 
ISD: A New Methodological Approach for Measuring the Sustainability of the German Energy System. The research community has developed three main concepts and indicator systems to measure sustainability: the capital concept, the ecological concept and the multidimensional concept. Whereas a lot of research has been dedicated to the pros and cons of the three/four-pillar sustainability concept, to the shaping of the pillars and their indicators, research on standardized methods to aggregate the indicators to one index is lacking. However, a useful model exists-the GDP-which summarizes the different economic activities of various social actors in one index. An overall sustainability index has the advantage that the sustainability of a system can be expressed in one index. This allows the sustainability status of a system to be better communicated both to the public and to politicians. Against this background, we developed the Index of Sustainable Development (ISD) to measure the sustainability of systems described by multidimensional sustainability concepts. We demonstrate that it is possible to aggregate sustainability indicators of the multidimensional sustainability concepts to one index. We have chosen exemplarily the German sustainability strategy and selected the energy indicators within it because of the importance of the energy sector and due to the good statistical database in this sector. 
The Impact of the Global Financial Crisis on Profitability of the Banking Industry: A Comparative Analysis. In this report, the effects of the recent global financial crisis on efficiency and profitability of financial institutions were analyzed. In a comparative study, the impacts of the global financial crisis on the performance of Islamic and commercial banks were examined. The fundamental difference between Islamic and conventional banking is that Islamic banking is founded upon the ethical principles of Islamic tradition and law (Sharia). By utilizing a sample of eight Islamic banks and eleven commercial banks, the impact of the global financial crisis on efficiency and profitability of the banking sector was evaluated. This analysis covered the period from 2006 to 2013. The results of this research were obtained from the Altman Z-score model, ratio analysis, the data envelopment analysis (DEA) method, and the seemingly unrelated regression (SUR) model. The results show that during the study period, Islamic banks (IBs) managed to maintain their efficiency while most commercial banks (CBs) suffered a loss in their efficiency. Furthermore, this analysis found that the financial crisis did not have a significant impact on the profitability of Islamic banks. 
Location Based Business Recommendation Using Spatial Demand. Business locations is most important factor to consider before starting a business because the best location attracts more number of people. With the help of web search engines, the customers can search the nearest business location before visiting the business. For example, if a customer need to buy some jewel, he makes use of search engines to find the nearest jewellery shop. If some entrepreneur wants to start a new jewellery shop, he needs to find a best area where there is no jewellery shop nearby and there are more customers in need of jewel. In this report, we propose an algorithm to find the best place to start a business where there is high demand and no (or very few supply). We measure the quality of recommendation in terms of average service time, customer-business ratio of our new algorithm by implementing in benchmark datasets and the results prove that our algorithm is more efficient than the existing kNN algorithm. 
Study on the Cultivating Mode of Undergraduate Talents in Tourism Management: Literature Review, Analysis and Discussion. Based on the related research articles about undergraduate talents cultivation in tourism management on http://www. cnki. net/, this report reviews the cultivating mode of undergraduate tourism talents, analyzes the achievements and shortcomings of the existing research literature and discusses the problems of constructing the cultivating mode of undergraduate tourism talents from theoretical basis, practice demand, policy orientation, regional characteristics, developing trend and educational resources. 
Econometrics Bayesian Inference for Latent Factor Copulas and Application to Financial Risk Forecasting. Factor modeling is a popular strategy to induce sparsity in multivariate models as they scale to higher dimensions. We develop Bayesian inference for a recently proposed latent factor copula model, which utilizes a pair copula construction to couple the variables with the latent factor. We use adaptive rejection Metropolis sampling (ARMS) within Gibbs sampling for posterior simulation: Gibbs sampling enables application to Bayesian problems, while ARMS is an adaptive strategy that replaces traditional Metropolis-Hastings updates, which typically require careful tuning. Our simulation study shows favorable performance of our proposed approach both in terms of sampling efficiency and accuracy. We provide an extensive application example using historical data on European financial stocks that forecasts portfolio Value at Risk (VaR) and Expected Shortfall (ES). 
Does the Month of Birth Influence the Timing of Life Course Decisions? Evidence from a Natural Experiment in Italy. Social scientists have observed for a long time a negative relationship between the time spent on education and the timing of family formation. Using data from the I. D. E. A. survey (2003), a birth-month experiment on a sample of 3000 young Italian adults is employed in order to explore whether a different month of birth leads to regular differences in life course decisions of young Italians. The results suggest that the "social" age, as determined by the school cohort, rather than the biological age, is an important determinant of the timing of demographic events during the transition to adulthood. 
Spatial choreography of the coronavirus. This report offers spatial analysis of the coronavirus spread, testing and implementation of restrictive measures in the framework of social distancing within countries and Russian regions. The geogra phy of the spread of the disease in the municipalities of the Central Federal District is presented, the speed and direction of the shift of the <<center>> of disease concentration are estimated. The paper uses geographical data, operational statistics on morbidity, deaths from COVID19 and tests, official documents on restrictive measures within the framework of social distancing (on 10 April 2020). The mapping is performed on the ArcGIS geoinformation platform. Some interpretations of spatial dif ferentiation of traceable indicators are proposed. 
Technology Acceptance of a Gold Dinar Based Electronic Payment System. This analysis is intended to solve a few constraints existed in physical gold dinar when used as a form of payment. One dinar is equal to 4. 25 gram of fine gold. Specifically, this work proposes the use of e-commerce technology to solve those constraints. But before the actual system can be implemented, this research seeks to find out whether or not the public would be ready to adopt the concept of an electronic dinar payment system. The research framework is based on Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology (UTAUT) [1]. It measures the user acceptance based on these constructs; performance expectancy, effort expectancy, social influence, facilitating conditions, behavioral intention to use. In addition, anxiety and perceived credibility are added as two new constructs. Data collection is based on a questionnaire survey. From the descriptive analysis results, it is discovered that most of the respondents participated in this survey generally agree with the idea of using the proposed dinar based payment system (mean rating of above 4. 00). 
Bait and ditch: Consumer naivete and salesforce incentives. We analyze a model of price competition between a transparent retailer and a deceptive one in a market where a fraction of consumers is naive. The transparent retailer is an independent shop managed by its owner. The deceptive retailer belongs to a chain and is operated by a manager. The two retailers sell an identical base product, but the deceptive one also offers an addon. Rational consumers never consider buying the add-on while naive ones can be "talked" into buying it. By offering the manager a contract that pushes him to never sell the base good without the add-on, the chain can induce an equilibrium in which both retailers obtain more-than-competitive profits. The equilibrium features price dispersion and market segmentation, with the deceptive retailer targeting only naive consumers whereas the transparent retailer serves only rational ones. 
Acoustics The Contribution of the Stage Design to the Acoustics of Ancient Greek Theatres. The famous acoustics of ancient Greek theatres rely on a successful combination of appropriate location and architectural design. The theatres of the ancient world effectively combine two contradictory requirements: large audience capacity and excellent aural and visual comfort. Despite serious alterations resulting from either Roman modifications or accumulated damage, most of these theatres are still theatrically and acoustically functional. Acoustic research has proven that ancient theatres are applications of a successful combination of the basic parameters governing the acoustic design of open-air venues: elimination of external noise, harmonious arrangement of the audience around the performing space, geometric functions among the various parts of the theatre, reinforcement of the direct sound through positive sound reflections, and suppression of the delayed sound reflections or reverberation. Specifically, regarding the acoustic contribution of the stage building, it is important to clarify the consecutive modifications of the skene in the various types of theatres, given the fact that stage buildings were almost destroyed in most ancient Greek theatres. This report attempts to demonstrate the positive role of the scenery in contemporary performances of ancient drama to improve the acoustic comfort using data from a sample of twenty (20) ancient theatres in Greece. 
Charcoal production in the Mopane woodlands of Mozambique: what are the trade-offs with other ecosystem services?. One contribution of 15 to a theme issue 'Tropical grassy biomes: linking ecology, human use and conservation'. 
Financial strength information and institutional investor demand: Evidence from India. In this report, we examine whether foreign institutional investors (FII) and mutual funds (MF) show a higher preference for fundamentally stronger firms. We employ Pitroski's F score and its constituents (profitability, efficiency, and leverage) to measure the fundamental strength of firms. Further, we examine the preferences of FIIs and MFs by conditioning on size and book-to-market ratio. Overall, the results indicate that both types of institutional investors prefer firms with higher expected profitability and are willing to take higher risks. FIIs show a higher preference for riskier firms and MFs prefer firms with higher profitability. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Monthly Art Market Returns. We provide an innovative methodological contribution to the measurement of returns on infrequently traded assets using a novel approach to repeat-sales regression estimation. The model for price indices we propose allows for correlation with other markets, typically with higher liquidity and high frequency trading. Using the new econometric approach, we propose a monthly art market index, as well as sub-indices for impressionist, modern, post-war, and contemporary paintings based on repeated sales at a monthly frequency. The correlations enable us to update the art index via observed transactions in other markets that have a link with the art market. 
Study on the Existence and Extent of Harassment among Medical Staff in a Saudi University Hospital. A questionnaire was distributed amongst staff to determine the existence and extent of harassment in the studied hospital. Harassment wasn't recognized as a problem by 45. 8% of hospital staff. However, participants felt harassment was a serious issue. It is therefore recommended that substantial actions be taken to reduce harassment. A transparent, widely known, valid, readily accessible, and effective system for complaints is needed. 
Research on the Integration and Development of Culture Industry and Tourism Industry of Fisherman Village in Rizhao. During the process of revitalizing the rural economy, rural tourism shows a vigorous development momentum, and the integration development of cultural industry and tourism industry is the sustainable way to realize the development of rural tourism economy. This report first analyzes the motive force of the integration of cultural industry and tourism industry, and then on the basis of analyzing the particularity of the integration and development of cultural industry and tourism industry in rural areas, combined with the development cases of cultural tourism projects in rural areas all over the country, this report summarizes five integration and development models. As the country's largest folk tourism reception base-Rizhao City, its development status is representative, finally taking Fisherman Folk Tourism Village of Rizhao City as an example, the integration and development path of Fisherman village culture industry and tourism industry in Rizhao City is studied. At the basic level, it is necessary to mine cultural tourism resources. At the driving level, it is necessary to introduce social capital to use the original ecological development model to build a fisherman's village. At the communication level, it is necessary to cultivate a cultural tourism consumer market, and government policy support is needed at the security level. 
The Effect of Temporal Distance and Social Distance on the Choice of Consumers' Preferences. Temporal distance is defined as how much time (e. g. , past or future) separates between the perceiver's present time and the target event. Social distance is defined as how distinct is the social target from the perceiver's self (e. g. , oneself vs others). The interpretation of events will change as different psychological distance changes (e. g. , Temporal Distance, Spatial Distance, Social Distance) and then affect people's reactions, judgment and decision-making. In real life, consumers often have to make a choice between two types of products: one of them is often called the "virtue products", and the other one was accordingly called the "vice products". This analysis uses experimental methods to explore the influence of temporal distance and social distance on the choice of consumers' preference and obtains the following conclusions: 1) When consumers make choices for themselves, compared to now, they are more inclined to choose the virtue product at a future time; when consumers make choices for others, compared to now, they are more inclined to choose the virtue product at a future time; when consumers make choices now, compared to choose for themselves, they are more inclined to choose virtue products for others; when consumers make choices at a future time, compared to choose for themselves , they are more inclined to choose virtue products for others; 2) The ANOVA of eye movements data on virtue products (i. e. , fixation length and fixation count) showed that main effects of temporal distance and social distance were significant, but there was not interaction between both factors. 
The Service Quality Dimensions that Affect Customer Satisfaction in the Jordanian Banking Sector. Banks must meet the needs of their customers in order to achieve sustainable development. The aim of this report is to examine service quality dimensions, by using the modified SERVQUAL model, which can be used to measure customer satisfaction, and the effect of these dimensions (tangibles, responsiveness, empathy, assurance, reliability, access, financial aspect, and employee competences) on customer satisfaction in Jordanian banks. Data were gathered from 825 customers in the Jordanian banking sector. The sample data were statistically analyzed through exploratory factor analysis by the SPSS program to determine service quality perception and customer satisfaction. The results illustrate that the modified SERVQUAL Model extracted four subscales in the new model instead of eight in the initial model. The first subscale contains four dimensions-assurance, reliability, access and employee competences. The second subscale consists of two dimensions-responsiveness and empathy. The third and fourth subscales-financial aspect and tangibility-are separate factors. Further studies should consider the dimensions of access, financial aspect, and employee competences as essential parts of service quality dimensions with the other subscales, so as to improve wider customer satisfaction in the banking sector. In the authors' opinion, the modified SERVQUAL model is useful for addressing customer satisfaction in the banking sector. 
4: 1313543 Organizational Behavior. Women leaders' double bind arises from followers' contradictory expectations that are rooted in the societal female gender role and the organizational leader role. Using qualitative data from alumnae of the Women's Leadership Series (WLS) of the Consultative Group for International Agricultural Research, this report examines whether and how formal training enables women to more effectively navigate this double bind. Findings show that the WLS fostered four types of leadership transformations: hidden to visible leadership, inflexible to receptive leadership, attenuated to expanded leadership, and discouraged to inspired leadership. Interpreting these transformations through the lens of three ideas from the leadership effectiveness literature-context, authenticity, and behavior-this report proposes a grounded theory, dual contingency model of leadership effectiveness for women. The model suggests that effective leadership behavior accounts for the demands of context and authenticity and identifies four unique pathways through which inattention to either contingency arises and how imbalance is identified and balance is restored. By elucidating these four pathways, the model enriches the literature on leadership effectiveness and provides insights into how women may successfully navigate the double bind. 
Risk and Financial Management Article The Need for Shari'ah-Compliant Awqaf Banks. Bridging global economic inequalities calls for effective financial alternatives such as awqaf banks to better attend to the needs of the poor and underprivileged. This is expected to address the root causes of poverty and ensuing economic gaps, improving much of the living standards whether pertaining to education, health, shelter, employment or basic social services while reducing the state's economic and financial burden. We envision awqaf banks as institutions which are established through cash awqaf and which operate multiple awqaf funds alongside an assortment of financial instruments. The main use of their awqaf funds are the issue of low-cost credit to the poor, economically disadvantaged and underprivileged, instead of focusing solely on generating and maximizing shareholder profits. This is to support the economy through of steady and sustainable growth, effectively raising the lower bar on per capita income and lifting multitudes out of poverty and need. This report explores how low-cost credit can be provided to the poor or lower income demographics through awqaf banks, while addressing relevant issues such as Shari'ah compliance, services rendering, investment and awqaf distribution. This report also examines current studies on awqaf in relation to finance and banking, the basic functions, and characteristics of the Shari'ah-compliant awqaf bank, as well as evaluations of awqaf banks. Current studies show that there is a legitimate need for Shari'ah-compliant awqaf banks which not only providing services for its beneficiaries but also manage investments and awqaf funds that contribute to overall national development and economic growth. This analysis would be of high relevance to experts, practitioners, financial managers, regulators, and policy makers in the fields of awqaf, banking and finance. 
A STUDY ON FUZZY ROBUST REGRESSION AND ITS APPLICATION TO INSURANCE. In this analysis, a fuzzy robust regression method is proposed to construct a model that describes the relation between dependent and independent variables in insurance. Fuzzy robust regression suggested as an alternative to not only ordinary least squares but also classical robust regression. Fuzzy robust regression is finally investigated and discussed by an example with real data arose from a well-known insurance company in Turkey. 
An Analysis of Factors Influencing the Self-Rated Health of Elderly Chi-nese People. This analysis used the data from the Chinese Urban and Rural Elderly Population Survey to analyze the correlations among the self-rated health of elderly Chinese people, demographic factors and chronic diseases. The results revealed that in comparing younger elderly individuals vs older elderly individuals, the urban elderly vs rural elderly, elderly man vs elderly women, and the elderly with fewer chronic diseases vs the elderly with more chronic diseases, the former's self-rated health tended to be good, while the latter tended to be bad. In addition, over time, elderly individuals' self-rated health tended to improve. This report further studied high blood pressure, heart disease, arthritis, neck and lumbar disease, and chronic bronchitis and the impact of these five common chronic diseases on self-rated health. The results showed that, among these five types of chronic diseases, the impacts of heart disease and chronic bronchitis were greater than those of the other three chronic diseases. 
Sustainability Globalization, Country Risks, and Trade in Tourism Services: Evidence from China. This analysis applies the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) model to examine the impacts of globalization and country risks on China's tourism service trade over the period 1984-2015. The results reveal that in the long run, globalization has a significant negative impact on tourism service exports and tourism service trade balances, while a significant positive impact on tourism service imports. In the short run, globalization has a significant negative impact on tourism service imports, while a significant positive impact on tourism service exports and trade balances. Country stability could roughly mitigate these negative and positive impacts of globalization on tourism service trade in both the short and long run. Moreover, the speed of adjustment from the short run to long run equilibrium path is relatively fast. These results are important for China's policy makers when formulating a strategy for the development of tourism service trade. 
Inflation targeting in high inflation emerging economies: lessons about rules and instruments. This talk emphasizes the connection between inflation targeting and monetary policy rules. Inflation targeting is not enough. You need to have a policy procedurea policy ruleto achieve the target. And one cannot design or evaluate a monetary policy rule without a target inflation rate. Hence, there is a symbiotic relationship between inflation targeting and monetary policy rules. Initially, the instrument in the policy rule was a monetary aggregatea quantity, usually the money supply. It was only later that research on monetary policy rules focused on another instrument of monetary policythe interest rate, as velocity became more volatile so the interest rate was more reliable as instrument, at least for low levels of inflation. Interest rate rules work best within a band between very high inflation and deflation. Outside that band, the central bank should rely more on money growth rules. 
Experimental Analysis of Attitudes: The Factorial-Survey Approach. A reading of the studies having been published by important sociological and criminological journals reveals a clear picture:
Diversity Management in International Supply Chains: Strategies for Effectiveness. Managing diversity is the hallmark of an international business. International organizations deal with diversity in multiple task environments: culture, communication, operating, technology and supply chain. International organizations are integrated with global and host country local economies and systems. They need to continuously improve the supply chain effectiveness of their global operations to further their competitive position. The effective management of diversity will improve supply chain performance in procuring services, raw materials, components and sub-assemblies. 
Privatization and Employment in Post-Communist Countries. In this analysis, by establishing a third-country trade model of an international duopoly where two state firms from different post-communist countries compete against each other, we analyze the effects of a change in the degree of privatization on firms' labor inputs and on the optimal privatization policy in post-communist countries. We show that a rise in the degree of privatization in a country raises labor input, output and exports of that country's firm, while reducing those of the rival firm. Furthermore, we find that either full or partial privatization of state firms could be optimal in post-communist countries. 
Social Factors as a Basic Driver of the Digitalization of the Business Models of Railway Companies. The aim of the paper is to present the results of research into the assessment of social factors resulting from the digitalization of railway companies' business models and building, by means of the AHP method, a ranking of the significance of these criteria in the process of their digital transformation. The results focused on identifying the components of the business models of railway companies that are most affected by social factors and the creation of such factors. Railway companies do not operate within the business environment alone. In the context of processes, they form one common technical and service ecosystem. Digitalization should increase opportunities to create positive social effects which influence the quality of services provided and the safety of rail traffic as well as the increased efficiency of business models. Author Contributions: Conceptualization, A. J. and M. J. ; Methodology, M. J. ; Formal Analysis, A. J. ; Investigation, A. J. and M. J. ; Data Curation, A. J. and M. J. ; Writing-Original Draft Preparation, M. J. ; Writing-Review & Editing, A. J. ; Visualization, A. J. and M. J. Funding: This research received no external funding. 
The Transformation of the Higher Education System in Turkey after 2002: A Game Theoretic Analysis. The higher education system in Turkey suffered from capacity problem during the 1980s and the 1990s. After the election in 2002, to solve the problem, the Justice and Development Party governments have invested in higher education through opening new universities, increasing the total capacity in higher education, and sending more students abroad especially for graduate studies. In this report, noting the conservative structure of the Justice and Development Party, we determine whether a dilemma exists between these liberal practices and the party's conservatism. By constructing a one-period sequential game, we show that heavy investment in higher education by the Justice and Development Party is not contradictory and, in fact, inevitable, as long as it tries to maximize its vote in the short-medium run. 
Waiting Time Distribution of Demand Requiring Multiple Items under a Base Stock Policy. In demanding for repair items or standard products, customers sometimes require multiple common items. In this analysis, the waiting time of demand which requires multiple items under base stock policy is analyzed theoretically and numerically. It is assumed that the production time has an exponential distribution and the demand is satisfied under a FCFS rule. Each demand waits until all of its requirements are satisfied. An arriving process of demand is assumed to follow a Poisson process and the numbers of required items are independent and generally distributed. A method for deriving waiting time distribution of demand is shown by using methods for computing M X /M/1 waiting time distribution and for deriving the distribution on the order corresponding to the last item the current customer requires. By using the analytical results, properties of waiting time distribution of demand and optimal numbers of base stocks are discussed through numerical experiments. 
ALITALIA AIRLINE: A BUSINESS CASE OF BAD CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Corporate governance, allocating rights and responsibilities inside the firm, provides worthwhile guidelines that lead management to valuable processes and activities, which are the core of business success for the interests of all stakeholders. This report provides evidence of an interesting business case in which many corporate governance rules were disregarded. In Alitalia airline company, the management, ignoring corporate governance aspects, strongly disrupted economic value. The study is based on the analysis of managerial profiles of Presidents and CEOs of Alitalia, evidencing their relationship with corporate governance issues. Moreover, we deeply investigated the story of Alitalia and the governments" political influence on the airline company. We found the absence of a proper mix of authority and responsibility, conflicts of interests and agency costs, poor monitoring activities, lack of managerial skills and scarce managerial effort, jointly with ineffective incentive mechanisms. The consequence was that past bad governance has compromised the ability of the company to create new value. We conclude that when governance principles are disregarded for a long time, even a high performing and cash-rich company can lose its competitive advantage, damaging its chances of a turnaround. 
Silicon Valley Imperialists Create New Model Villages as Smart Cities in Their Own Image. In her study of 'Surveillance Capitalism', Shoshana Zuboff cites Google's parent firm Alphabet's legal customer-purchase agreement for the parent firm's Nest thermostats. These impose 'oppressive privacy and security consequences' requiring sensitive information to be shared through 'Internet-of-Things' (IoT) networks with other domestic and external devices, unnamed functionaries and various third parties. This is for data harvesting, analytics, processing, manipulation and transformation through digital re-sale to the same and other consumers in the form of unwanted, targeted advertising. The point of this identity 'rendition' is to massively augment corporate profits. It is but a short step from trapping the unwitting consumer in a 'smart home' to planning a similarly mediated 'smart city' aimed at further massively augmenting corporate profits. This is happening, as founders of digital media from Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon and Tesla either commission or become beneficiaries of 'smart city' planning. However, there is evidence that such imperiousness is increasingly countered by emerging democratic critique of these new 'model villages' or 'company towns'. 
Economic Station-Centered Network and Invisible Collaboration: A Cyclic vs Semi-Cyclic View. By our past review, this report will verify the hypothesis that the autonomous (invisible) body balancing would be better under changeable demand speed and a leading principle in the collaborative networks. This hypothesis was first utilized in the Conveyor-Serviced Production System (CSP System) with cycle time by a Station-Centered Approach to the physical networks. Recently, we are ascertaining this hypothesis in cost/profit balancing under demand speed (invisible hand) at the economic body chain networks. Generally, it becomes simpler at series (cyclic) type, but would not be so at parallel (semi-cyclic) type. Throughout this report, we will point out the principle of autonomous (invisible) body balancing by demand speed (cycle time), and would extend to a parallel (semi-cyclic) supply chain by the Station-Centered Approach. This thing would bring the invisible merit that the profit maximization occurs at the relative cost balancing of each enterprise in a series-parallel body network. 
Risk and Financial Management The Criteria of Optimal Training Cost Allocation for Sustainable Value in Aesthetic Medicine Industry. Medical disputes that result in medical compensation and losses affect the financial management and sustainable operational risks of enterprises. Employee training plays an important role in the sustainable growth of human resource management and also can help avoid any potential risks to enterprises' operating revenue. Based on data of a company, this analysis's model aims to establish a mathematical model to find the most suitable decision variables in order to provide decision-making analysis and judgment of a company's individual economic behaviors. From the second-order differential modeling method, where the functional training time of the aesthetic medicine industry (including medical errors/dispute incidences, functional training costs, and medical benefits) links to a specific functional relationship, the optimal decision-making model and evaluation criteria for the proportion of this training time under the concept of sustainable management can be constructed. The method proposed herein reduces medical errors or disputes, strengthens risk and financial management, provides customers with the best service quality, and serves as the basis for decision-making evaluation of the maximum benefits of sustainable operations. 
Solid-State Synthesis and Thermoelectric Properties of Mg 2+ Si 0. 7 Sn 0. 3 Sb. Mg 2+x Si 0. 7 Sn 0. 3 Sb m (0 <= <= 0. 2, = 0 or 0. 01) solid solutions have been successfully prepared by mechanical alloying and hot pressing as a solid-state synthesis route. All specimens were identified as phases with antifluorite structure and showed ntype conduction. The electrical conductivity of Mg-excess solid solutions was enhanced due to increased electron concentrations. 
Estimation Risk Modeling in Optimal Portfolio Selection: An Empirical Study from Emerging Markets. Efficient portfolio is a portfolio that yields maximum expected return given a level of risk or has a minimum level of risk given a level of expected return. However, the optimal portfolios do not seem to be as efficient as intended. Especially during financial crisis period, optimal portfolio is not an optimal investment as it does not yield maximum return given a specific level of risk, and vice versa. One possible explanation for an unimpressive performance of the seemingly efficient portfolio is incorrectness in parameter estimates called "estimation risk in parameter estimates". Six different estimating strategies are employed to explore ex-postportfolio performance when estimation risk is incorporated. These strategies are traditional Mean-Variance (EV), Adjusted Beta (AB) approach, Resampled Efficient Frontier (REF), Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM), Single Index Model (SIM), and Single Index Model incorporating shrinkage Bayesian factor namely, Bayesian Single Index Model (BSIM). Among the six alternative strategies, shrinkage estimators incorporating the single index model outperform other traditional portfolio selection strategies. Allowing for asset mispricing and applying Bayesian shrinkage adjusted factor to each asset's alpha, a single factor namely, excess market return is adequate in alleviating estimation uncertainty. 
Comparative Analysis of the Feature of the Process of Modernization of Vocational Education in China and Ukraine. A comparative analysis of the modernization of vocational education in China and Ukraine is of particular interest. First, in China, before the "cultural revolution", vocational education was organized according to the Soviet version and was oriented toward meeting the staffing needs of the state economy. Today, the Chinese government, based on the principle of "raising the country at the expense of science and education" and the strategy of continuous development, attaches priority to modernizing education and raising the cultural level of citizens. Recognizing education as strategically important for the country's socio-economic development, the Chinese government has developed a course in education: "In the development of education, facing modernization, the outside world, and the future. " Secondly, in both countries, integration processes are actively developing in the education system, aimed at the formation of a single educational space for a professional school, production and science, and the elimination of the shortage of skilled workers and mid-level specialists. Thirdly, in Ukraine and China, the modernization of vocational education systems has set common strategic goals, due to the requirements of the labour market to improve the quality of training of the necessary qualifications, decentralization of management of the vocational education system and restructuring of vocational education institutions on the principle of optimization. Thus, the field of common interests in the study of vocational education in both countries can be identified. A major role in the current socio-economic situation was played by the popular tendency for compulsory higher education, as a means of increasing social status in society. And often this decision is made under pressure from established stereotypes and the older generation. At the moment, vocational education does not really fully satisfy and correspond to the needs of society and cannot solve the problems of training workers who are faced with new requirements for the level of How to cite this report: Samilo, A. (2019) Comparative Analysis of the Feature of the Process of Modernization of Vocational Education in China and Ukraine. Open Journal of Social Sciences, 7, 152-175. 153. 
An Empirical Analysis of Retirement and Marriage in Taiwan. This report investigates the factors influencing changes in marriage following retirement in Taiwan. The data used are from the Survey of Health and Living Status of the Middle Aged Elderly in Taiwan. The Weibull models are used to estimate the hazard rates of divorce or separation after retirement. The factors of unobserved heterogeneity are also examined for the influences of divorce or separation after retirement. The main empirical results find that Mainlanders, Aboriginals, people with better educational attainments, people with poor health or poor relationship with family have higher hazard rates of divorce or separation than others. In contrast, people with more children and persons with higher income have lower hazard rates of divorce or separation than others. After considering unobserved heterogeneity, most estimated coefficients on the marriage hazard regressors are larger in magnitude than the corresponding coefficients in the reference model. 
Eco-Industrial Parks and Sustainable Spatial Planning: A Possible Contradiction?. The definition and the subsequent development of eco-industrial parks (EIPs) have been deeply based on the application of industrial ecology theory, which pays specific attention to metabolic exchanges within industrial processes to address a deep reduction of limited resource consumption and a minimization of waste production in the framework of a sustainable development approach. Despite the EIPs configurations being essentially based on the overall idea of sustainability, the problem of defining their proper location inside the territory and the consequent land use model, to minimize land consumption, have not always been central in the wide range of studies and practices concerning the EIPs. Nevertheless, the specific problem of a drastic reduction of land consumption at the EIP planning stage acquires a crucial role and, therefore, needs to be carefully assessed inside the perspective of sustainable urban development. In this framework, the paper firstly aims at facing the nontrivial relationship between the EIPs' theorizations and implementations and the reduction of land consumption by referencing specific studies and shared tools, where new developments have been favored despite the conversion and redevelopment of existing industrial parks; secondly, it focus on an Italian case study and its emblematic EIP planning processes, in order to deepen the contradictions between sustainable spatial planning and eco-industrial parks. Finally, some final conclusions will be presented, in order to integrate some main issues concerning the reduction of land consumption inside the more traditional EIP design processes. 
Personnel Training Course for Businesses Regarding the Response to Stranded Persons Focusing on Vulnerable People from the Perspective of Business Continuity. Businesses in urban areas have been required to accommodate stranded persons as temporary evacuation facilities during disasters. Regarding measures aimed at aiding stranded persons, aspects such as trust and the image of the business need to be considered. Therefore, in this analysis, a personnel training course was developed to smoothly take in stranded persons, and the outcomes of this training were evaluated by quizzes, entry sheets, and a questionnaire. This was a two-day and one-night course characterized by the use of role-play in which 20 participants experienced the series of processes that unfold during disasters, playing either the role of a stranded person or a facility member. This training included emergency food provision using real stockpiled food and accommodation training using actual bedding stored in a model facility. After the review, when the participants were taught the correct response for vulnerable people, their scores in the test regarding the points of caution in vulnerable people were significantly higher than those prior to the course, confirming that participants had acquired knowledge as a result. Furthermore, through training using real food and accommodation, the participants were able to understand victims' requirements by experiencing the need for satisfactory emergency rations and comfortable bedding. stranded [4,5]. Formulating a proper support plan for stranded people is a challenging task for many business enterprises, but it is an essential issue that directly affects their corporate image and trust and positively affects their post-disaster business performance. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Time-Frequency Based Dynamics of Decoupling or Integration between Islamic and Conventional Equity Markets. This report investigates the decoupling and integration between the region-wise (Asia, Europe, Africa and the Americas) developed and emerging market's equity pairs of Islamic and conventional stock returns with the focus on multi-horizons. In doing so, daily wavelet and ADCC-based stock returns correlations are estimated to capture the dynamics of time-frequency and the time-domain based correlations, respectively. The findings of this analysis indicate that at the short-term horizon, the all selected emerging and developed Islamic and conventional equity markets across all regions depict a high positive correlation, suggesting a rejection of the decoupling hypothesis. However, it is accepted for some of the developed markets of the Pacific region (Hong Kong and New Zealand), Europe (Ireland, Denmark and Spain) and emerging markets of Asia (China), Europe (Czech Republic) and Americas (Argentina and Peru) at a medium-term horizon. Moreover, in an examination of the comparative behaviors of the wavelet and ADCC-based Islamic-conventional correlations, the observed transitional behavior has been exemplified as the difference between the time-frequency and time-domain analysis. This analysis provides fruitful insights for investors who opt for cross-asset allocation and seek maximum portfolio diversification benefits. 
Dynamics of Short and Long Term Debt Market Integration in the South Asian Economies. We investigate the extent of financial integration in both short and long term government debt markets of five South Asian economies from January 2004 to May 2016. We employ copula functions and find weak dependencies in their short and long term debt markets. We supplement our analysis using Diebold and Yilmaz spillover index and find low level of return spillover across both short and long term debt markets, thereby reconfirming low level of financial integration in the debt markets of the region. Linkages between short and long term debt markets are also weak suggesting underdeveloped nature of these markets. 
Calibration of hydrological models for ecologically relevant streamflow predictions: a trade-off between fitting well to data and estimating consistent parameter sets?. The ecological integrity of freshwater ecosystems is intimately linked to natural fluctuations in the river flow regime. In catchments with little human-induced alterations of the flow regime (e. g. abstractions and regulations), existing hydrological models can be used to predict changes in the local flow regime to assess any changes in its rivers' living environment for endemic species. However, hydrological models are traditionally calibrated to give a good general fit to observed hydrographs, e. g. using criteria such as the Nash-Sutcliffe efficiency (NSE) or the Kling-Gupta efficiency (KGE). Much ecological research has shown that aquatic species respond to a range of specific characteristics of the hydrograph, including magnitude, frequency, duration, timing, and the rate of change of flow events. This analysis investigates the performance of specially developed and tailored criteria formed from combinations of those specific streamflow characteristics (SFCs) found to be ecologically relevant in previous ecohydrological studies. These are compared with the more traditional Kling-Gupta criterion for 33 Irish catchments. A split-sample test with a rolling window is applied to reduce the influence on the conclusions of differences between the calibration and evaluation periods. These tailored criteria are shown to be marginally better suited to predicting the targeted streamflow characteristics; however, traditional criteria are more robust and produce more consistent behavioural parameter sets, suggesting a trade-off between model performance and model parameter consistency when predicting specific streamflow characteristics. Analysis of the fitting to each of 165 streamflow characteristics revealed a general lack of versatility for criteria with a strong focus on low-flow conditions, especially in predicting highflow conditions. On the other hand, the Kling-Gupta efficiency applied to the square root of flow values performs as well as two sets of tailored criteria across the 165 streamflow characteristics. These findings suggest that traditional composite criteria such as the Kling-Gupta efficiency may still be preferable over tailored criteria for the prediction of streamflow characteristics, when robustness and consistency are important. 
Rise to fame: events, media activity and public interest in pangolins and pangolin trade, 2005-2016 Launched to accelerate biodiversity conservation. Citation: Harrington LA, D'Cruze N, Macdonald DW (2018) Rise to fame: events, media activity and public interest in pangolins and pangolin trade, 2005-2016. Nature Conservation 30: 107-133. https://doi. 
Optional Defaultable Markets. The paper deals with defaultable markets, one of the main research areas of mathematical finance. It proposes a new approach to the theory of such markets using techniques from the calculus of optional stochastic processes on unusual probability spaces, which was not presented before. The paper is a foundation paper and contains a number of fundamental results on modeling of defaultable markets, pricing and hedging of defaultable claims and results on the probability of default under such conditions. Moreover, several important examples are presented: a new pricing formula for a defaultable bond and a new pricing formula for credit default swap. Furthermore, some results on the absence of arbitrage for markets on unusual probability spaces and markets with default are also provided. 
Ego-Depletion Promotes Altruistic Punishment. To explore whether psychological resource influences the altruistic punishment, Experiment 1 used the Stroop Task to manipulate participants' self-control resources and the rejection ratio of unfair proposals in the subsequent Ultimate Game was measured to reveal the effect of selfdepletion on altruistic punishment. The result of Experiment 1 showed that decline ratio of participants in the high-depletion group was significantly higher than that of participants in the low-depletion group. After manipulation of self-depletion with the Stroop task, participants in experiment 2 acted as the third-party who watched other two participants playing the Dictator Game and could use their own tokens to punish unfair proposals. The result of Experiment 2 showed that participants in the high-depletion group punished unfair proposals significantly more than counterparts in the low-depletion group. In sum, the results of these two experiments showed that ego depletion promoted altruistic punishment. 
Antimicrobial Effects and Resistant Regulation of Magnolol and Honokiol on Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus. The antimicrobial killing activity toward methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) has been a serious emerging global issue. In a continuing search for compounds with antibacterial activity against several microorganisms including S. aureus and MRSA, an n-hexane extract of Magnolia officinalis was found to contain magnolol. This compound exhibited potent activity against S. aureus, standard methicillin-susceptible S. aureus (MSSA), and MRSA as well as clinical MRSA isolates. When combined with oxacillin, the antibacterial activities of magnolol and honokiol against the MRSA strain were increased compared to single treatment without antibiotics at 10 g/mL and 25 g/mL, respectively. These activities of magnolol and honokiol were dose dependent. Also, magnolol showed synergistic effects with oxacillin against 13 clinical isolates of MRSA. It was determined that magnolol and honokiol had a synergistic effect with oxacillin against MRSA strain. Furthermore, the magnolol inhibited the expression of the resistant genes, mecA, mecI, femA, and femB, in mRNA. We concluded that the antibacterial activity of magnolol against MRSA strain is more related to the mecI's pathway and components of the cell wall than mecR1. Therefore, the results obtained in this analysis suggest that the combination of magnolol and antibiotics could lead to the development of new combination antibiotics against MRSA infection. 
Research on the Establishment of Chinese Rural Drinking Water Market *. The aim of this report is to research the establishment of Chinese rural drinking water market. On the basis of prior research on rural drinking water and water market, we study the market establishment and analyze trading elements, procedure and modes of Chinese rural drinking water market. Then we explore the operating mechanism of the market, such as the supply and demand mechanism, the price mechanism, the competition mechanism and the support mechanism. This analysis will conduce to the optimization of the allocation of water resources. 
ANALYSIS OF PASTURE SYSTEMS TO MAXIMIZE THE PROFITABILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY OF GRASS-FED BEEF PRODUCTION. Pasture systems for grass-fed beef production in the Gulf Coast region were evaluated for profitability and sustainability over the period 2009/2010 to 2011/2012. May-weaned steers were divided into groups and randomly placed into different pasture systems. Data on input usage, output quantities, and carbon emissions were recorded and analyzed. The least complex grazing system yielded higher profit than the most complex, but the most complex produced the lowest greenhouse gas impact. A trade-off was found between profitability and greenhouse gas impact among the systems. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Defined Contribution Pension Plans: Who Has Seen the Risk?. The trend towards eliminating defined benefit (DB) pension plans in favour of defined contribution (DC) plans implies that increasing numbers of pension plan participants will bear the risk that final realized portfolio values may be insufficient to fund desired retirement cash flows. We compare the outcomes of various asset allocation strategies for a typical DC plan investor. The strategies considered include constant proportion, linear glide path, and optimal dynamic (multi-period) time consistent quadratic shortfall approaches. The last of these is based on a double exponential jump diffusion model. We determine the parameters of the model using monthly US data over a 90-year sample period. We carry out tests in a synthetic market which is based on the same jump diffusion model and also using bootstrap resampling of historical data. The probability that portfolio values at retirement will be insufficient to provide adequate retirement incomes is relatively high, unless DC investors adopt optimal allocation strategies and raise typical contribution rates. This suggests there is a looming crisis in DC plans, which requires educating DC plan holders in terms of realistic expectations, required contributions, and optimal asset allocation strategies. 
FDI, Employment, and Economic Growth of Beijing City: Mechanism and Empirical Test. This analysis was set out to investigate the linkages between employment, FDI and economic growth of Beijing city, and the mechanism of FDI's impact on employment and the city's economic growth. Channels of FDI's spillover mechanism on employment and economic growth are identified. And based on sixteen district-level data of Beijing city from 2006 to 2017, we use panel data model to test the linkages between FDI, employment and city's economic growth. Findings show that for the six inner-city districts with well-developed economy structure and city infrastructure, both FDI and Employment have a positive influence on the economic growth; while for the ten outer-city districts, economic growth seems to be fueled by employment and fixed capital investment. 
Asymptotic Estimates for the One-Year Ruin Probability under Risky Investments. Motivated by the EU Solvency II Directive, we study the one-year ruin probability of an insurer who makes investments and hence faces both insurance and financial risks. Over a time horizon of one year, the insurance risk is quantified as a nonnegative random variable X equal to the aggregate amount of claims, and the financial risk as a d-dimensional random vector Y consisting of stochastic discount factors of the d financial assets invested. To capture both heavy tails and asymptotic dependence of Y in an integrated manner, we assume that Y follows a standard multivariate regular variation (MRV) structure. As main results, we derive exact asymptotic estimates for the one-year ruin probability for the following cases: (i) X and Y are independent with X of Frechet type; (ii) X and Y are independent with X of Gumbel type; (iii) X and Y jointly possess a standard MRV structure; (iv) X and Y jointly possess a nonstandard MRV structure. 
Study on Supplier Selection Based on the Collaborative Mechanism and Game Strategy *. Based on the fluctuation of production efficiency, evaluating synergetic model of the supplier collaboration degree has been set up, and sequence participation amount of the model is analyzed. Combined with the game strategy and collaborative mechanism of supply chain, supply chain game strategy model is built to make the allocation of the market resources more effective when production efficiency is consistent, and the model of supplier selection and the algorithm of solving the model are put forward, investigating the game process of supplier selection from the profit and social welfare of the supplier and the demand. In the end, the efficiency of the model and algorithm is validated by a case simulation. 
Dynamic Coal Logistics Facility Location under Demand Uncertainty. In this report, dynamic facility location and supply chain planning are studied through minimizing the costs of facility location, path selection and transportation of coal under demand uncertainty. The proposed model dynamically incorporates possible changes in transportation network, facility investment costs, operating cost and changes in facility location. In addition, the time variation and the demand uncertainty for coal in each period of the planning horizon is taken into account to determine the optimal facility location and the optimal production volumes. Computational process and results are presented for the model in a java language. Also, an empirical case study in Shanxi province is conducted in order to investigate the dynamic effects of traffic congestion and demand uncertainty on facility location design and total system costs. 
Ramsey's Belief and the Plausibility of Keynesian Economics. Using Ramsey's formulation of the probability theory, this analysis considers the plausibility of alternative monetary theories-Keynesian and monetarism, which is defined by the people's confidence in such theories. It is naturally assumed that the more complicated theory entails a dearer cost to understand. Keynesian equilibrium is supported only through belief in the stable intrinsic value of money. Conversely, monetarism requires that laypeople have special and difficult knowledge so as to be confident about its assertion; namely, the linear relationship between nominal money supply and price; the actual value of Marshallian k and the volume of nominal money supply. As such, the Keynesian belief is far more prevalent in the actual economy. 
How Quality Management System Components Lead to Improvement in Service Organizations: A System Practitioner Perspective. Service organizations use quality management systems as a part of their overall strategies to improve business processes and operations management. Nevertheless, how quality management components lead to improvement and whether task conflicts influence quality management components have not yet been identified clearly. This report examines the mechanisms that link different quality management components to improvement and the role of task conflict in the mechanisms. Data were collected from 495 employees responsible for quality management in Macao's service organizations. Results from structural equation modeling showed that leadership i. e. , the supportive behaviors of top management towards quality management has direct, significant effects on quality management components such as process approach, engagement of people, relationship management, and evidence-based decision making while customer focus has the largest total effect on improvement. On the other hand, task conflict was weakly but significantly related to relationship management. The study provides a deeper understanding of how quality management works in service contexts. 
Xiangqi vs Chess-The Cultural Differences Reflected in Chinese and Western Games. Xiangqi (Chinese chess) and Chess (international chess) have much in common. However, because of the distinctions between China and the West in history, geography and cultural background, they also have many obvious differences in game rules. The purpose of this analysis was to explore these differences. In the beginning, the paper briefly introduces the two games. Then, by comparing Xiangqi and Chess, it looks into the differences in social structures between China and the West, the different thinking patterns of Chinese and westerners, and the geographic differences between China and the West. Through discussion on each aspect, the study finds that these differences reflect the characteristics of Chinese culture and western culture respectively. 
An Axiomatic Derivation of the Logarithmic Function as a Cardinal Utility Function on Money Income Levels. This note elaborates Suppes' (1977, Erkenntnis Vol. 11, No. 1, pp 233-250) derivation of the logarithmic function as a consumer's cardinal utility function on money income levels, in which the consumer's preferences are specified by a level comparison relation and a difference comparison relation. Without assuming Suppes' hypothesis (Bernoulli's hypothesis or Weber-Fechner law), which asserts that the utility values are proportional to the logarithmic values of income levels, it is shown that the representability of the two relations by logarithmic utility function can be characterized only by the three (mutually independent) axioms on the relations. 
Management Strategies for Wood Fuel Harvesting-Trade-Offs with Biodiversity and Forest Ecosystem Services. Bioenergy is expected to contribute to mitigating climate change. One major source for bioenergy is woody biomass from forests, including logging residues, stumps, and whole trees from young dense stands. However, at increased extraction rates of woody biomass, the forest ecosystem, its biodiversity, and its ability to contribute to fundamental ecosystem services will be affected. We used simulation and optimization techniques to assess the impact of different management strategies on the supply of bioenergy and the trade-offs between wood fuel harvesting, biodiversity, and three other ecosystem services-reindeer husbandry, carbon storage, and recreation. The projections covered 100 years and a forest area of 3 million ha in northern Sweden. We found that the development of novel and cost-effective management systems for biomass outtake from young dense stands may provide options for a significant supply of bioenergy to the emerging bioeconomy, while at the same time securing biodiversity and important ecosystem values in future stand developments. In addition, there is potential to increase the extraction of harvest residues and stumps while simultaneously improving conditions for biodiversity and the amount of carbon stored in forest ecosystems compared to current levels. However, the projected continuing trend of increased forest density (in terms of basal area) has a negative impact on the potential for reindeer husbandry and recreation, which calls for researching new management strategies on landscape levels. 
Factors Influencing U. S. Charitable Giving during the Great Recession: Implications for Nonprofit Administration. The purpose of this analysis is to examine factors influencing U. S. charitable giving during the first full year of the Great Recession. Demand on the services of human service nonprofits typically escalates during periods of extreme economic downturn; thus donations to agencies serving the most vulnerable groups-the young, the old, and the frail-become increasingly important. The study sample consisted of 8690 U. S. respondents. Results indicate the growing importance of computer ownership and the continuing importance of combined purpose agencies in assisting the needy in hard times. Suggestions for both future research and nonprofit administrative practice regarding charitable giving are provided. 
Delta Boosting Implementation of Negative Binomial Regression in Actuarial Pricing. This analysis proposes an efficacious approach to analyze the over-dispersed insurance frequency data as it is imperative for the insurers to have decisive informative insights for precisely underwriting and pricing insurance products, retaining existing customer base and gaining an edge in the highly competitive retail insurance market. The delta boosting implementation of the negative binomial regression, both by one-parameter estimation and a novel two-parameter estimation, was tested on the empirical data. Accurate parameter estimation of the negative binomial regression is complicated with considerations of incomplete insurance exposures, negative convexity, and co-linearity. The issues mainly originate from the unique nature of insurance operations and the adoption of distribution outside the exponential family. We studied how the issues could significantly impact the quality of estimation. In addition to a novel approach to simultaneously estimate two parameters in regression through boosting, we further enrich the study by proposing an alteration of the base algorithm to address the problems. The algorithm was able to withstand the competition against popular regression methodologies in a real-life dataset. Common diagnostics were applied to compare the performance of the relevant candidates, leading to our conclusion to move from light-tail Poisson to negative binomial for over-dispersed data, from generalized linear model (GLM) to boosting for non-linear and interaction patterns, from one-parameter to two-parameter estimation to reflect more closely the reality. 
Determinants of farmers' access to fertilizer under fertilizer task force distribution system in Kogi State, Nigeria PUBLIC INTEREST STATEMENT. This analysis investigated the determinants of farmers' access to fertilizer under Fertilizer Task Force Distribution System in Kogi State, Nigeria. A multi-stage random technique was used to select 160 farmers for the study. Probit model analysis on the factors that influence farmers' access to fertilizer showed that age of the farmers, farm size (negative), distance to procurement centers, and social participation (positive) significantly influenced the probability of farmers' access to fertilizer. Effective strategies of task force in the procurement and distribution of fertilizer perceived by the respondents among others are: distribution of fertilizer through local government agricultural offices, subsidy at source including transportation subsidy to delivery points, and promotion of subsidies for the poor farmers, development of private agro-dealers network. It is envisaged that these factors could serve as a guide to policy-makers regarding procurement and distribution of fertilizer to enhance farmers' access and crop productivity in Nigeria. 
On the Value Connotation of MOOC and Value Orientation of Development of Chi-nese MOOC. In recent years, MOOC has developed rapidly in the world, and become the key power of promoting the modernization transformation of education cause, forcing the reform of traditional education system. This report, using the thought of interpretivism, analyzes the value connotation of MOOC, including mean value and end value, and through combining national conditions puts forward four aspects of value orientation which should be adhered to for the development of "Chinese MOOC"-"timely help" on function position, combination of Chinese and Western on developing method, distinct personality on educational philosophy and flexible management on government regulation. 
What Is Public Agency Strategic Analysis (PASA) and How Does It Differ from Public Policy Analysis and Firm Strategy Analysis?. Public agency strategic analysis (PASA) is different from public policy analysis because public agency executives face numerous constraints that those performing "unconstrained" policy analysis do not. It is also different from private sector strategic analysis. 
Research on Communication Identification of Intangible Cultural Heritage Popular Science Publication Based on AHP and Entropy Method. Based on "uses and gratifications theory", the authors build an evaluation model of the communication identification of intangible cultural heritage (ICH) popular science publication. The weighed score of the model is obtained according to experts and general audience survey. The result is as follow: the factors at all the levels of use and identification affect audience identification in the evaluation model of communication identification of ICH popular science publication. Among these factors, audience from whom to know this channel, clear demonstration and integrating into relevant situation of skills and knowledge, these three indicators have significant influence on the communication identification of ICH popular science publication. It not only helps audience to obtain knowledge, but also generates audiences' interests and making a combination between new media and themselves by other people. 
An Integrated Model to Explain How Corporate Social Responsibility Affects Corporate Financial Performance. The effect of corporate social responsibility (CSR) on financial performance has important implications for enterprises, communities, and countries, and the significance of this issue cannot be ignored. Therefore, this report proposes an integrated model to explain the influence of CSR on financial performance with intellectual capital as a mediator and industry type as a moderator. Empirical results indicate that intellectual capital mediates the relationship between CSR and financial performance, and industry type moderates the direct influence of CSR on financial performance. Such results have critical implications for both academia and practice. 
The Effects of Labor Market Characteristics on Women's Poverty in Korea. Background: Poverty in Korea is not gender neutral. Both male headed and female headed households experience poverty in distinct ways. This research discusses poverty and how it has evolved in Korea from a gender perspective. Methods: It describes the characteristics of poverty among the working population based on gender and other household attributes. It measures poverty relative to the mean and median incomes of the population in three ways: headcount, poverty gap, and poverty severity. The study uses the probit model to estimate the incidence of poverty and the Heckman sample selection model to analyze poverty's gap and severity. Our empirical results are based on an unbalanced household level panel covering the period 2006-2016. Results: Our results indicate that multiple factors including issues related to the labor market and demographic characteristics contribute to women's poverty. Within the working population, women are less likely to be poor than men because they share their partners' incomes. However, single female workers with children are the poorest demographic group. Conclusion: "Part-time jobs" are a critical factor in determining women's poverty status, while "work years" and "the quality of occupation" have a crucial impact on the incidence and severity of poverty. 
Research on Evolution Mechanism of Technological Original Innovation-With Mutation Theory of Respective. Technical innovation is the power and resource for the sustainable and healthy development of enterprises, and is related to the improvement of social productivity and the establishment and improvement of national innovation system. Technical innovation is the process of the enterprise using the original knowledge and transforming it into new technology. The input and output of knowledge of (i. e. , creating new technology) presents S curve, experiencing the stage of imitating type, fusion type and original type, which is subjected to the synergistic action of institutional arrangements factor and its operating factors. Through the analysis of evolution mechanism of different stages of technological innovation stages, this report verifies the rationality and scientific nature of the theoretical assumptions. 
Professional Competences of Controllers: The Case of Poland. The article presents the results of the project regarding the development of the requirements to controllers' professional competences. The aim of the empirical part of the study is to assess the current situation in Poland in this field. During the study, opinions of two expert groups are compared. The respondents from the first group are responsible for development of controllers' professional competences and education. The respondents from the second group act as controllers in everyday business. The research refers to the following areas of controllers' work: their position in the company, general and specific content of controllers' activities, their authority and responsibility, requirements for education, requirements for ICT competencies, professional skills and practical experience, their role in ethical aspects of business, selection of potential candidates for a controller position, requirements to their continuing professional development and quality assurance of controllers' work as well as the importance of analysed areas for an effective controlling system in enterprise. 
The Effects of Knowledge Sharing on Individual Creativity in Higher Education Institutions: Socio-Technical View. Knowledge sharing has multifaceted effects on organizations, such as improving work performance, among which creativity is apparently one of the most important parts. Nevertheless, the effects of knowledge sharing on individuals has not been paid attention sufficiently by previous research. Furthermore, knowledge sharing research mainly concerns business organizations rather than public organizations. This analysis aims to examine the effects of knowledge sharing on individuals in a higher institution of education in Korea, for which a socio-technical view and social capital theory is used to investigate the important antecedents of knowledge contribution, as well as to examine social and technical facets. This analysis is the first research regarding the relationship between knowledge sharing and individual creativity, and it also identifies the mediating effects of knowledge sharing on individual creativity at an individual level in a higher education institution. 
What Are the Socio-Economic Predictors of Mortality in a Society?. Improvement in medical science is regarded as one of major factors that led to the constant improvement of living conditions in most of the countries with the result that mortality rate has been declining, thereby resulting in a steady increase of life expectancy which further led to creating higher financial responsibilities for pension and annuity providers. In essence, mortality forecasts are essential for predicting the future extent of population ageing, and for determining the sustainability of pension schemes and social security systems. The objective of this report is to fit multiple regression models to measure how the various predictive variables relate to mortality. We intend to select a statistical model from the model class that best fits the data by choosing the model that has the smallest AIC value. From the analysis of our research, we found that income deprivation is the strongest independent predictor of mortality rates in a neighbourhood, though each of the variables is statistically significant at less than 5%. 
When "Parents Privilege Competition" Will Not Be an Exclusive Resource?. We describe a common social phenomenon in this article. It is that when children grow up, in addition to their talents and efforts in comparison with their peers, the parental background between children is also an important stake in their competition. Parents' social status and superior power will result in more social resources and opportunities for children. We call this phenomenon "parents privilege competition". The root cause of this phenomenon is the serious hardening of the stratum and the poor social mobility in vertical society, which makes it difficult for children to have an equal competitive environment. After analyzing the phenomenon, this article discusses the causes of this phenomenon and the solutions. 
Research on China's Regional Differences of Crowding-In or Crowding-Out Effect of FDI on Domestic Investment. Since the reform and opening up, FDI has made a significant contribution to China's economic development; however, the crowding-out phenomenon appears inevitably in some districts and industries where FDI enters intensively. Confronted with the new environment of foreign capital use after the international financial crisis, our country has begun to adjust investment attraction work from the policy level and needs to specify the work the next step according to every region's situation. Based on this background, this report examined how foreign investment impact domestic investment over the 30 years, especially contrasted regional differences of crowding-in or crowding-out effect of FDI on domestic investment in eastern, central and western China, then made further analysis of the causes, in order to supply the policy makers and investors with effective references. 
Inequity under Equality: Research on the Bene ts Equity of Chinese Basic Medical Insurance. Background: The pursuit of equity is one of the basic principles behind the strengthening of health care reform. China's new rural cooperative medical insurance (NRCMI) and urban residents' basic medical insurance (URBMI) are both "equalized" in terms of fundraising and reimbursement. This report studies the bene ts equity under this "equalized" system. 
Education policy in South Korea: A contemporary model of human capital accumulation?. We argue that South Korean families with children are today overinvesting in the level of education due to their high levels of expenditures on private after-school tutoring programs. This situation has evolved due to a combination of factors: a changing labor market, increasing housing and debt payments, as well as an educational "arms race" among Korean families with children. These changes are exacerbating both economic and social issues in Korean society, but are increasingly difficult to address due to issues of complementarity and coordination failures related to educational expenditures. Korea might be inexorably falling into a surprising "education trap. ". 
International Journal of Financial Studies Forecasting Credit Ratings of EU Banks. The aim of this analysis is to forecast credit ratings of E. U. banking institutions, as dictated by Credit Rating Agencies (CRAs). To do so, we developed alternative forecasting models that determine the non-disclosed criteria used in rating. We compiled a sample of 112 E. U. banking institutions, including their Fitch assigned ratings for 2017 and the publicly available information from their corresponding financial statements spanning the period 2013 to 2016, that lead to the corresponding ratings. Our assessment is based on identifying the financial variables that are relevant to forecasting the ratings and the rating methodology used. In the empirical section, we employed a vigorous variable selection scheme prior to training both Probit and Support Vector Machines (SVM) models, given that the latter originates from the area of machine learning and is gaining popularity among economists and CRAs. Our results show that the most accurate, in terms of in-sample forecasting, is an SVM model coupled with the nonlinear RBF kernel that identifies correctly 91. 07% of the banks' ratings, using only 8 explanatory variables. Our findings suggest that a forecasting model based solely on publicly available financial information can adhere closely to the official ratings produced by Fitch. This provides evidence that the actual assessment procedures of the Credit Rating Agencies can be fairly accurately proxied by forecasting models based on freely available data and information on undisclosed information is of lower importance. 
A Novel Grey Wave Method for Predicting Total Chinese Trade Volume. The total trade volume of a country is an important way of appraising its international trade situation. A prediction based on trade volume will help enterprises arrange production efficiently and promote the sustainability of the international trade. Because the total Chinese trade volume fluctuates over time, this report proposes a Grey wave forecasting model with a Hodrick-Prescott filter (HP filter) to forecast it. This novel model first parses time series into long-term trend and short-term cycle. Second, the model uses a general GM (1,1) to predict the trend term and the Grey wave forecasting model to predict the cycle term. Empirical analysis shows that the improved Grey wave prediction method provides a much more accurate forecast than the basic Grey wave prediction method, achieving better prediction results than autoregressive moving average model (ARMA). 
The Effect of Government Debt and Other Determinants on Economic Growth: The Greek Experience. This analysis empirically investigates the relationship between economic growth and several factors (investment, private and government consumption, trade openness, population growth and government debt) in Greece, where imbalances persist several years after the financial crisis. The results reveal a long-run relationship between variables. Investment as private and government consumption and trade openness affect positively growth. On the other hand, there is a negative long-run effect of government debt and population growth on growth. Furthermore, the study addresses the issue of break effects between government debt and economic growth. The results indicate that the relationship between debt and growth depends on the debt breaks. Specifically, at debt levels before 2000, increases in the government debt-to-GDP ratio are associated with insignificant effects on economic growth. However, as government debt rises after 2000, the effect on economic growth diminishes rapidly and the growth impacts become negative. The challenge for policy makers in Greece is to halt the rising of government debt by keeping a sustainable growth path. Fiscal discipline should be combined with the implementation of coherent, consistent and sequential growth-enhancing structural reforms. 
Harnessing sustainable development from niche marketing and coopetition in social enterprises. This article reports on strategic practices within social enterprises to drive social, economic, and environmental value. Multiple case studies were conducted across diverse third sector organisations to examine how managers deploy commercial and social marketing activities to fulfil sustainable missions. Results showed social enterprises attract target audiences by engaging in inclusive forms of niche marketing. The organisations leverage relationships across their horizontal and vertical value chains to enhance their own resources and capabilities while advancing wider social and environmental interests. Deep collaboration between social enterprises and their stakeholders sometimes extends to forging alliances with competitors. This research contributes the first empirical evidence of how coopetition leads to competitive advantage in profit-for-purpose organisations, and it proposes a model to show how cocreation of shared value with actors across multilevels of interdependent systems paves the way for sustainable development outcomes to be achieved. 
Detrended Correlation Coefficients Between Exchange Rate (in Dollars) and Stock Markets in the World's Largest Economies. The purpose of this report is to verify the long-range correlation between the stock markets of the largest economies in the world and the respective exchange rate with the USD. According to theory, a negative correlation is expected, meaning that an increase in the return of one of the assets will cause a decrease in the return of the other. Using detrended cross-correlation and detrended moving average cross-correlation analyses and the respective correlation coefficients, we analysed this possibility, analysing behaviour according to different time scales. Our main results showed that in European markets, the exchange rate does not have a significant effect. This significant effect just occurs in the case of the Indian stock market, while in the case of the Japanese one, the relationship is positive. Japanese authorities' monetary policy could be the reason for this different result. 
The Saartjie Baartman's Body Shape versus the Victorian Dress: The Untold African Treasures. In most African countries, it is still a common belief that thin women are not attractive. Until the 21st century, full-figured women were considered attractive, were respected, and their padded (with flesh) and curvaceous bodies represented wealth, fertility and good health. The western society views a thin woman as ideal body and has forced many women including Africans to believe that a body that deviates from it is unaccepted. Fashion designers use the thin model as a basis from which to create ready-to-wear clothing for all consumers including those whose body characteristics do not comply with the ideal body features. This has resulted in unsatisfied consumers with clothing sold in the retail stores and negative reactions towards their bodies. The problem of ideal body versus un-ideal body shape date back to 19th Century, where Saartjie Baartman's body shape characterised by full breasts, narrow waist and extra large buttocks was viewed by Europeans as ugly, yet later on, the same body, though not acknowledged, was used to inspire the creation of Victorian bustle dress that resembled her body in every aspect. This article examines the relationship between the Victorian Bustle dress that became popular from 1870 onwards and the unique body features of Saartjie Baartman, an African slave who was displayed in Europe against her wish as from 1810 to 1815, and even after her death, her body continued to be exhibited in a Museum in Paris. This report concludes that her body could have inspired the development of the Victorian bustle dress. The paper encourages African women to view their bodies sensibly rather than basing their beauty on the western standard ideologies. Likewise, promotional media houses are encouraged to portray all body shapes fairly and positively. African researchers are advised to search beyond surfaces of historical events for the purposes of documenting underlying important facts affecting Africa. 
Consistent Valuation Across Curves Using Pricing Kernels. The general problem of asset pricing when the discount rate differs from the rate at which an asset's cash flows accrue is considered. A pricing kernel framework is used to model an economy that is segmented into distinct markets, each identified by a yield curve having its own market, credit and liquidity risk characteristics. The proposed framework precludes arbitrage within each market, while the definition of a curve-conversion factor process links all markets in a consistent arbitrage-free manner. A pricing formula is then derived, referred to as the across-curve pricing formula, which enables consistent valuation and hedging of financial instruments across curves (and markets). As a natural application, a consistent multi-curve framework is formulated for emerging and developed inter-bank swap markets, which highlights an important dual feature of the curve-conversion factor process. Given this multi-curve framework, existing multi-curve approaches based on HJM and rational pricing kernel models are recovered, reviewed and generalised and single-curve models extended. In another application, inflation-linked, currency-based and fixed-income hybrid securities are shown to be consistently valued using the across-curve valuation method. 
Changing Behavioral Patterns in Grocery Shopping in the Initial Phase of the Covid-19 Crisis-A Qualitative Study of News Articles. Covid-19, as both a health and an economic crisis, has substantially affected consumers, businesses, industries, and nations in all parts of the world. In this analysis the aim was to identify trends in consumers' changing behavioral patterns in grocery shopping in the initial phase of the Covid-19 crisis by conducting a qualitative inductive analysis of news articles on the topic in Finland. Six thematic consumer reactions were identified: 1) Panic-buying, 2) Changes in cooking behavior, 3) Increased sensitivity towards the shopping environment, 4) Switch to online grocery shopping, 5) Increased interest for new services and 6) Careless in-store behavior. The study showed that initially consumers expressed some extreme behaviors, which, however, subsided relatively fast. Importantly, the study gave clear indications that consumers started shifting to online grocery shopping, which may induce more fundamental and enduring changes in grocery retail. Furthermore, the study also suggests that consumers' increased interest in new types of services is probably here to stay, fueling further innovations. Suggestions for further research are also discussed. 
Supply Chain Differentiation: Background, Concept and Examples. The purpose of this report is to provide new evidence in the field of supply chain differentiation. It aims to combine insights of supply chain management with the service dominant logic to connect fundamental customer requirements with supply chain decision-making. The paper claims to provide a framework that brings together the most relevant factors in the context of supply chain differentiation. The contents of the framework were applied as source to develop a generic decision support flowchart for supply chain executives. From the perspective of "test consumers"-supplemented with secondary data-two cases were examined. The cases provide insights for supply chain differentiation approaches of Adidas and Lego (r). The crucial factor to link customer requirements with supply chain settings turned out to be the magnitude of customer co-creation along the value chain under consideration of synergies across the channels. The framework provides the opportunity to structure the complex multi-criteria decision problem constituted by supply chain differentiation. The paper provides helpful insights that could be used as starting point for the development of several industry specific decision-finding models or applications in supply chain differentiation. 
Training needs of businesses in the retail industry: A business case in the United Arab Emirates. People in the organization are said to be an important asset. They need to be equipped with the needed skills to contribute to become abreast with the latest trends and demands in the industry. This research focused on an inquiry about how to make the retail industry employees skillful and relevant in the industry. The quantitative results have indicated the significance of training employees in terms of how well they apply the necessary skills at their workplaces. People who have been trained on various skills use the required skills to complete their jobs, which translates effectively to positive productivity, quality output, and satisfactory customer services. Apart from providing services to clients, employees are the cornerstone of productivity and implement the policies of the organization based on its mission, vision and core values. The results have also indicated that the majority of the employees lack the skills needed in executing daily activities. This analysis is significant in that it has proved beyond doubt that training needs analysis is the first step towards understanding the skill gap in an organization. That way, the company can create the needed measures and strategies for training to equip its employees with the necessary skills for increased production, quality, and improved customer services. This could result in a seamless operation that would significantly cut the overall cost of operations for the firm. 
Influence of Elevation Data Resolution on Tsunami Loss Estimation and Insurance Rate-Making. Tsunamis triggered by large offshore earthquakes are devastating, and buildings located near the coast experience damage and loss due to such extreme events. In evaluating regional tsunami impact via numerical tsunami simulations, it is important to pay close attention to local geographical features represented by a digital elevation model (DEM), because tsunami loss estimation is sensitive to its quality and resolution. This analysis investigates the influence of elevation data resolution on tsunami loss estimation at different scales by comparing tsunami risk results using DEMs of four resolutions (i. e. , 10-m, 50-m, 150-m, and 450-m). Using stochastic tsunami modeling, a case study is carried out by focusing on the Tohoku region in Japan to investigate the influence of DEM resolution on tsunami loss estimation considering the effect of location attributes (i. e. , coastal topography, distance from the coast, and land elevation) for two building portfolios on plain coast and ria coast. The results indicate the significance of DEM resolution for local tsunami loss estimations at different locations. The local tsunami risk is closely related to the building location, and the increase of distance from the coast and/or land elevation dramatically reduces the local tsunami risk. The investigations extend discussions regarding the calculations of pure insurance premium rate for tsunami loss coverage depending upon structural attributes and location attributes. 
Research on the Countermeasures of Marginal People's Phenomenon in the Ordinary Constitutional Jurisprudence's Classroom of Colleges and Universities. It has been not long since the marginal people's phenomenon such as sleep in class, spam, whisper, absent-mind and so on occurred in the ordinary constitutional jurisprudence's classroom of colleges and universities. According to students' behavior, it can be divided into the explicit and implicit marginal people for the marginal man in the ordinary constitutional jurisprudence' classroom, and the process of its formation is indeed thought-provoking. For this phenomenon, it would be solved and eliminated by a series of countermeasures. Firstly, the constitutional jurisprudence course should be scientifically and comprehensively understood by the subject such as education managers, educators, students and so on. Secondly, the teaching idea of the ordinary constitutional jurisprudence course should be changed. Thirdly, the teachers' professional quality should be enhanced, and the harmonious class atmosphere in the constitutional jurisprudence course should be created. 
Geographical Information System (GIS) as an Innovative Adoption to Ease Customers in Locating SME Business Premises in Malacca. Geographical Information System (GIS) is one of the recent innovation to ease users in locating places. GIS is a system designed to capture, store, manipulate, analyze, manage, and present all types of spatial or geographical data. It can also be used by customers in locating business premises. Research related to application of GIS in locating SME business premises especially in Malacca as a tourist state is still very limited. This analysis used a survey method to produce more generalizable findings. Quantitative procedures for data collection and analysis were rigorously applied to ensure reliability and validity of the findings. A total of 160 usable responses was collected from 400 distributed questionnaires. This analysis found all variables significant and therefore, all hypotheses were accepted. In the future, researchers may extend this analysis to other areas to understand more about current usage patterns and reasons for its adoption. Studies which cover non-Malaysian respondents and different education levels can further document different perspectives of GIS adoption. 
Small Scale Contractors in Africa's Emerging Markets: The Case of South Africa. In South Africa, the development of Small scale emerging contractors (SSECs) has become vital to bring about economic prosperity and the government has prioritised the advancement of SSECs as the vehicle towards achieving economic growth, development and job creation for previously disadvantaged people. This report reviewed related construction studies on small scale contractors and highlighted unique roles and challenges as they relate to emerging construction businesses. The paper established that the main challenges affecting SSECs included finance, skills shortage, enabling environment and competition. Based on data analysis, it is imperative for the South African government to develop a clear and more comprehensive small business contracting policies that would enhance growth and profitability of Small scale emerging contractors. 
Preparation and Characterization of Zinc Hydroxystannate Coated by Aluminum Phosphate and Its Application in Poly(acrylonitrile-co-vinylidene chloride). In this analysis, zinc hydroxystannate ([ZnSn(OH) 6 ], ZHS) was coated with aluminum phosphate (AlPO 4 , ALP) to prepare the ZHS-ALP composite. During the coating process, the reaction conditions, such as the ALP to ZHS molar ratio, were controlled, and the morphology of the products was characterized by scanning electron microscopy (SEM). The prepared composites were introduced into poly(acrylonitrile-co-vinylidene chloride) (PANVDC), and the change in compatibility between ZHS and the polymer matrix was characterized. The results showed that ALP-ZHS (1:1), which was prepared by ALP-ZHS composite molar ratio of 1:1, could improve the dispersion and compatibility of ZHS in the polymer matrix and decrease the hydrophilicity and viscosity. Moreover, the ALP-ZHS composite had a better flame-retardant effect on PANVDC than ZHS alone. PANVDC could pass the V-0 rating in UL94, particularly the highest limiting oxygen index (LOI) value of 33. 2% obtained when the ALP-ZHS (1:1) composite was added to PANVDC. 
Interrelation between Eco-Innovation and Intra-Industry Trade-A Proposal for a Proxy Indicator of Sustainability in the EU Countries. The "innovation-trade" interrelation has been a subject of research for decades. Nowadays, in the context of the growing importance of sustainable development, the role of eco-innovation is essential for promoting a rapid economic growth in each country. In this sense, eco-innovation influences the level of intra-industry trade stimulating international trade to adopt environmentally-friendly technologies. In general, the evaluation of eco-innovation in EU countries is done through indicators of their degree of performance and their impact on the welfare of nations. Using Eurostat data and WITS (World Integrated Trade Solution) database for the period 2010-2018, the authors of this report give empirical evidence of a linkage between the two indicators. The Grubel-Lloyd index is selected as an appropriate tool to show that socio-economic performance has a significant weight in eco-innovation scoreboard measurement. The results confirm that intra-industry trade of each EU country is closely related to the level of its eco-innovation index. To our knowledge, this is the first attempt to test for such a type of interrelation and to show that by verifying the usefulness of eco-innovation performance in EU countries through an intra-industry trade indicator (IIT) such as the Grubel-Lloyd index. 
A Research on the Fiscal Regional Difference of China's Prefecture-Level Administrative Regions. As a centralized state power, China intervenes in local economy through effective fiscal and administrative measures. Local finances play a significant role in Chinese governmental activities, providing financial support in various fields, such as infrastructure, education and culture. Local finance is also a mirror of local economics. Local fiscal revenues and economic conditions influence each other, interacting as both cause and effect. Some experts in geoeconomics have studied regional economic disparities through spatial variations of GDP. This report, however, considers it more profound and multilevel to study the development of local economy from the perspective of fiscal revenues in the context of Chinese governmental interventions. This report originally offers specific and concrete details of local fiscal revenues by calculating differences of spatial distribution of nominal and disposal fiscal revenues, providing new explanations for the controversial issue on whether regional economic disparities are expanding or not. 
Financial education for HIV-vulnerable youth, orphans, and vulnerable children: A systematic review of outcome evidence. Problem: According to Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) and the World Health Organization, HIV is the leading cause of youth mortality in Africa, and the second cause of death among young people worldwide. Global commitments to reverse the HIV epidemic will only be achieved if strategies prioritize children and youth. Relevant evidence reviews found mixed evidence that HIV prevention may be addressed through economic strengthening activities such as financial education for youth. There was some evidence related to the potential for plural interventions that include both financial and sexual, reproductive health education. However, there is limited quality evidence that focused on HIV vulnerable youth in low-and middle-income countries (LMICs). Aims: This systematic review assessed the scope and strength of evidence for financial education and plural interventions aimed at reducing HIV vulnerability for youth, orphans and vulnerable children (OVC) in LMICs. Methods: Standard methodological procedures expected of systematic reviews were used. Six scientific and 24 grey literature sites were searched for relevant studies in English, French, Spanish and Arabic published between 1990 and 2016. Experimental and quasi-experimental research methods were considered where data was gathered at baseline and at least 6 months after the end of the intervention. Mixed-methods studies were considered provided they demonstrated validity in terms of randomization, appropriate sampling and controls, and minimization of bias errors and attrition. Evidence was then analysed and mapped to show types of financial and plural interventions by outcome type, direction and strength of evidence through qualitative assessments by the team. In addition, meta-analysis of odds ratios was conducted to validate the strength of evidence. This analysis illustrated the relative effect or weight of interventions on HIV-related outcomes based on confidence levels and sample sizes. 
Perceptions to Start up Business as a Career Choice among Saudi Female Higher Education Students. This analysis explored factors inspiring female university students in Saudi Arabia to choose entrepreneurship as their career choice. This explorative empirical study sought to explore this phenomenon in the context of a culture of socialization strongly attached to religion and steeped in tradition. Data were collected through a structured questionnaire survey administered to female university students. Descriptive statistics and logistic regression analysis were used to identify influencing factors. The results mostly support previous study findings on perceptions about the drivers of females' aspirations in venture creation. Entrepreneurship and business-related courses and media roles are recognized as the most influential factors explaining reasons for the choice of occupation and career. However, this analysis found only mixed support for these variables. Interestingly, this analysis found that social learning theory was negatively and significantly related to the decision of female university students to start up a business as a career choice, opposite to previous findings. The findings will assist relevant authorities in facilitating an increase in female entrepreneurship to contribute to the national Vision 2030. 
Analysis of the Strategy of Chinese Enterprises to Open up Vietnam Market-A Case Study of a Hong Kong Invested Enterprise Entering the Vietnamese Market. Under the background of economic globalization, the concept of "global village" is constantly strengthened, and the links between countries are becoming more and more closely. More and more Chinese enterprises have stepped into the world. After the 2008 financial crisis, there were signs of recession and weakness in the European and American markets, and many Chinese enterprises began to turn their attention to the Southeast Asian market, which had not yet been saturated, and hope to win the competition through geographical advantages and price advantages. China and Vietnam are neighbors, are similar in political systems and cultural, but Chinese enterprises are often failed to develop Vietnam market. How to accurately grasp the characteristics of the Vietnamese market, and how to improve the effectiveness of enterprise market development, based on this, this passage is written for Chinese enterprises to explore similar features of the market to provide reference experience. This article is written through a Hong Kong LED lighting enterprises to develop the Vietnamese market successful experience, and put forward new strategies and new ideas for Chinese enterprises to open up the Vietnamese market. 
The Impact of Foreign Investors on the Stock Price of Korean Enterprises during the Global Financial Crisis. This report investigates the impact and behavior of foreign equity investment on the price of the nine largest KOSPI (Korea Composite Stock Price Index) enterprises and Samsung Electronics preference stocks in terms of market capitalization during the global financial crisis (2 January 2007 to 30 December 2008). The empirical results indicate that foreign investors show strong, positive feedback trading behavior with regard to the stock price of Samsung Electronics, which is the largest KOSPI enterprise in terms of market capitalization. We also found evidence that the behavior of foreign investors significantly increased volatility in the stock returns of the two largest Korean conglomerates (Samsung Electronics and Hyundai Motors), which account for approximately 25 percent of total KOSPI market capitalization. 
Research of Evolution Mechanism of Network Group Event Based on Grounded Theory under Micro-Blog Platform. At this stage, China society in conflict-prone period, the network group events developed rapidly. Network group events had a significant impact on society. The trend which the online group event evolved into the offline group incidents is becoming evident. In this report, we used grounded theory to study the evolution and the development process of network group events under the micro-blog platform. We present an evolution mechanism model of network group event under micro-blog platform and find the formation mechanism of the network of public opinion, intrinsic motivation and the evolution of the network group events. 
Opinions and Press-ings of Students in Physical Education on Development of Professional Skills during Internships in Congo. The role of internships in building professional skills of physical education students in training has led to many reflections. The data from this analysis, which are part of the field of professional didactics, reflect the development of professionalism of student trainees. The descriptive and interpretive study included 74 physical education trainee students engaged in field placements. The data collection used a professional skills assessment grid and interviews to capture the meaning they attribute to their personal and subjective experience during the internships. The results obtained show that internships have repercussions on the professional skills acquired by trainee students, in relation to the level of communication between trainee and student teachers, the design of teaching situations, the assessment of the progress of learning and learning, and the degree of skill acquisition. In conclusion, the results of this work call for the improvement of conditions for monitoring and developing the experience of trainee students in terms of didactic, psychopedagogical and environmental knowledge. 
The Impact of Cost Reduction on Price Matching Strategy in the Presence of Hybrid Consumers. This article mainly considers the impact of cost reduction on price matching strategy when a firm sells products in two periods. The cost reduction in the second period is due to technological advancement and production learning. The market is made up of myopic consumers and strategic consumers. The conclusions show that firm's optimal profit will decrease with the increase of the fraction of strategic consumers. Besides, when the production learning effect dominates, the firm sells at a reduced price in two periods. When the technological advancement effect dominates, the firm maintains a uniform price for sale throughout the sales period. Finally, both the technological advancement and production learning effect can effectively reduce the loss of profits caused by strategic consumers, and the effect of the technological advancement is more significant. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Family-Concentrated Ownership in Chinese PLCs: Does Ownership Concentration Always Enhance Corporate Value?. In this report we investigate the relationship between family ownership structure and corporate value across a sample of 1314 firm-year observations of China's family publicly listed companies (PLCs), from 2004 to 2008. We find a significant inverse-U-shaped relationship between the controlling family's ultimate cash-flow rights and corporate value; as measured by Tobin's Q. That is, as family-ownership concentration increases, corporate value first increases and then decreases. This finding refreshes our understanding of the relationship between family-ownership concentration and corporate value in emerging economies such as found in China. We corroborate prior findings that when controlling families hold excess control over cash-flow rights, corporate value is significantly lowered, while multiple large shareholders structure is significantly associated with higher corporate value. In addition; board independence is found to significantly improve corporate value in the context of family-concentrated ownership. We also test for potential endogeneity between family ownership and corporate value and find our results to be robust. 
What Attributes Are Consumers Looking for in Sweet Cherries? Evidence from Choice Experiments. We investigate heterogeneous consumer preferences and willingness to pay (WTP) for various sweet cherry attributes using choice experiments. A mixed logit model and a latent-class logit model are used to estimate consumer WTP for the attributes and identify groups of consumers based on those preferences. We find that consumers of sweet cherries will pay the greatest premium for sweetness and the smallest premium for fruit size. Three groups of consumers are identifiedflavor sensitive, price sensitive, and storage sensitive. The results are useful for suppliers of sweet cherries when adopting targeted marketing strategies. 
The Effects of Pension Information on Individuals' Economic Outcomes: A Survey. This report provides an overview of a wide array of research investigating the effects of pension information on different individuals' economic outcomes. While many studies show that information provision increases knowledge, the evidence is mixed regarding its effects on behavior. Nevertheless, we draw some conclusions about the impact of pension information on three major economic outcomes, namely, retirement planning, choices pertaining individuals' labor supply, and savings decisions. We also highlight that the lack of knowledge prevalently hits the most vulnerable individuals in the society, such as women. As a consequence, not providing sufficient information could contribute to widening the gender gap in pensions. 
Sustainability Efficiency, Conflicting Goals and Trade-Offs: A Nonparametric Analysis of the Water and Wastewater Service Industry in Italy. This report presents a benchmarking study of the water and wastewater industry in Italy. A three-stage modeling approach was implemented to measure the efficiency of 53 utility operators. This approach is based on the implementation of network and conventional data envelopment analysis (DEA) to model the production process of the water service utility operators. In comparison to the conventional black-box or one-stage production model generally adopted in previous studies, the proposed approach provides information relative to the different efficiency components of the stages and blocks of the water service production process and its overall efficiency. Further, by shifting the efficiency analysis to a two-dimensional performance space, i. e. , resource and market-efficiency, it offers a more comprehensive view of the water service industry and allows accounting for different business goals at the same time and for an investigation of industry trade-offs. Results show that the operators' efficiencies in the Italian water service industry are generally variable and low. There are no water service utilities which are 100% efficient from the resource-efficiency perspective, and the maximum efficiency score is 0. 545. Efficiency measurements suggest that there is a general orientation of the Italian water industry to not invest in upgrading and improving the infrastructure assets, and achieving an acceptable efficiency in the operations is critical to delivering water services to market in an efficient way. Only one utility operator is 100% efficient from the market-efficiency perspective. The low tariffs adopted by the water service operators do not allow the gaining of satisfactory service remuneration and the achievement of long-term business sustainability. The joint analysis of the resource and market efficiency scores indicates that there is a trade-off between the corresponding business goals. 
The Dynamics between State Control and Metropolitan Governance Capacity. Due to the national importance of metropolitan areas, central governments seek to make them as attractive and competitive as possible. In many cases, this is done through state control over metropolitan areas and their governance arrangements. This article examines the relationship between state control and metropolitan governance capacity based on a comparative case study of four metropolitan areas: Auckland, Dublin, Montreal and Oslo. These areas represent different models of metropolitan governance, as well as different forms of state control. We studied state control by focusing on political and administrative decentralization: how independently can the metropolitan government make decisions and perform its tasks? The conclusion is that the different dimensions of decentralization are connected to capacity, but not straightforwardly. This analysis indicates that state involvement through different forms of control can increase metropolitan governance capacity, but only if it is combined with mandate and supportive policy actions. 
Construction of a Diversified Integrated Platform Based on Home Care Services. Facing the increasingly serious problem of an aging population and pension mode, the government put forward the main forms of family endowment in the process of practice how to work more effectively and efficiently, this report proposed a multivariate comprehensive platform, uniting old man, society, family and government and service agencies, etc. , to make the parties meet the needs of the old man to occupy the endowment service in a timely manner. 
Bacteriology and Qualitative Study of African Locust Bean (Parkia biglobosa). This analysis helps to determine the microbiological quality of local fermented food condiment, African locust bean (Parkia biglobosa) obtained from Ondo State, Nigeria. Bacterial species encountered during the study ranged from 20 x 10 3 cfu/g to 200 x 10 3 cfu/g for total bacterial count, 3 x 10 3 cfu/g to 120 x 10 3 cfu/g for coliform count and 1 x 10 3 cfu/g to 60 x 10 3 cfu/g for the Lactobacillus spp. in MRS agar. Some physical sensory study shows that odour became more pleasant when fermentation process take place for longer days and became slimy when fermentation continued at the day four. Adverse changes in this product such as the colour commences after 96 hours. Common bacterial species that persistently populate the samples includes Bacillus spp. , Lueconostoc spp. and Staphylococcus spp. The Lueconostoc spp. only survives till the second day of fermentation as distinct from others which are still found after the seventh (7) day. This analysis helps in the investigation of microbiological hazards associated with fermented locust beans in order to safeguard the production of this food condiment meant for human consumption. 
Interaction between business and government as a threat to the economic security of the state. The article considers the costs of interaction between the state and business as a threat to the development of the economy of the Russian Federation from the point of view of economic security ensuring. The authors identified significant obstacles both from the business side and from the state apparatus, which pose a threat to economic security. The study is of interest for the further development of the system for the economic security ensuring of the Russian Federation. Corresponding author: vms68@yandex. ru. 
Imbalance Market Real Options and the Valuation of Storage in Future Energy Systems. As decarbonisation progresses and conventional thermal generation gradually gives way to other technologies including intermittent renewables, there is an increasing requirement for system balancing from new and also fast-acting sources such as battery storage. In the deregulated context, this raises questions of market design and operational optimisation. In this report, we assess the real option value of an arrangement under which an autonomous energy-limited storage unit sells incremental balancing reserve. The arrangement is akin to a perpetual American swing put option with random refraction times, where a single incremental balancing reserve action is sold at each exercise. The power used is bought in an energy imbalance market (EIM), whose price we take as a general regular one-dimensional diffusion. The storage operator's strategy and its real option value are derived in this framework by solving the twin timing problems of when to buy power and when to sell reserve. Our results are illustrated with an operational and economic analysis using data from the German Amprion EIM. 
Analysis of the Relation between Macroprudential and Microprudential Policy. The article deals with the analysis of a relationship between macroprudential and microprudential policy on a general level and on an example of regulatorily required structure and volume of bank capital. Regulatory requirements and supervisory methods are described in connection with the institutional structure of regulation and supervision within the European economic area. An attention is paid to the development of supervision on an individual basis through consolidated supervision to supplementary supervision of financial conglomerates, which corresponds with the activity and structure of the financial sector, high rate of integration and transboundary action of financial groups headed by a bank. The European System of Financial Supervision and Single Supervisory Mechanism are presented. Development of the regulation of bank capital is analysed. The original microprudential approach is mentioned that involved macroeconomic impacts from its introduction. Based on the analysis of capital structure as conceived from Basel I to Basel III approaches of regulation to this important indicator are discussed. Instability sources and indicative instruments of macroprudential policy are analysed on an example of the excessive growth of credits and leverage as an instability source and countercyclical capital buffer, sectoral capital requirements and leverage ratio in the role of indicative instruments. 
Fleet Transition from Combustion to Electric Vehicles: A Case Study in a Portuguese Business Campus. This report aims to contribute to the urgent reflection as a society about environmental protection, in the ultimate challenge that is the sustainable use of energy resources. Since Portugal is at an early stage of market development internally, governmental and local stimulation policies play a central role and are a key element in the successful diffusion of Electric Mobility. The study will focus on the transition of a company car fleet, which currently consists of combustion vehicles, to electric vehicles. With this change it becomes necessary to understand how the electrical installation will be affected due to the installation of charging stations, allowing the company to have some autonomy from the public grid. The various changes resulting from the installation consumption profile will be studied and compared. The state of the art, the level of maturity and where the development of electric mobility in Portugal is heading will also be appreciated. 
Risk and Financial Management Concept Paper Blockchain Economical Models, Delegated Proof of Economic Value and Delegated Adaptive Byzantine Fault Tolerance and their implementation in Artificial Intelligence BlockCloud. The Artificial Intelligence BlockCloud (AIBC) is an artificial intelligence and blockchain technology based large-scale decentralized ecosystem that allows system-wide low-cost sharing of computing and storage resources. The AIBC consists of four layers: a fundamental layer, a resource layer, an application layer, and an ecosystem layer (the latter three are the collective "upper-layers"). The AIBC layers have distinguished responsibilities and thus performance and robustness requirements. The upper layers need to follow a set of economic policies strictly and run on a deterministic and robust protocol. While the fundamental layer needs to follow a protocol with high throughput without sacrificing robustness. As such, the AIBC implements a two-consensus scheme to enforce economic policies and achieve performance and robustness: Delegated Proof of Economic Value (DPoEV) incentive consensus on the upper layers, and Delegated Adaptive Byzantine Fault Tolerance (DABFT) distributed consensus on the fundamental layer. The DPoEV uses the knowledge map algorithm to accurately assess the economic value of digital assets. The DABFT uses deep learning techniques to predict and select the most suitable BFT algorithm in order to enforce the DPoEV, as well as to achieve the best balance of performance, robustness, and security. The DPoEV-DABFT dual-consensus architecture, by design, makes the AIBC attack-proof against risks such as double-spending, short-range and 51% attacks; it has a built-in dynamic sharding feature that allows scalability and eliminates the single-shard takeover. Our contribution is four-fold: that we develop a set of innovative economic models governing the monetary, trading and supply-demand policies in the AIBC; that we establish an upper-layer DPoEV incentive consensus algorithm that implements the economic policies; that we provide a fundamental layer DABFT distributed consensus algorithm that executes the DPoEV with adaptability; and that we prove the economic models can be effectively enforced by AIBC's DPoEV-DABFT dual-consensus architecture. 
Preservation of Cognitive Performance with Age during Exertional Heat Stress under Low and High Air Velocity. Older adults may be at greater risk for occupational injuries given their reduced capacity to dissipate heat, leading to greater thermal strain and potentially cognitive decrements. Purpose. To examine the effects of age and increased air velocity, during exercise in humid heat, on information processing and attention. Methods. Nine young (24 +- 1 years) and 9 older (59 +- 1 years) males cycled 4 x 15 min (separated by 15 min rest) at a fixed rate of heat production (400 W) in humid heat (35 [?] C, 60% relative humidity) under 0. 5 (low) and 3. 0 (high) m[?]s -1 air velocity wearing coveralls. At rest, immediately following exercise (end exercise), and after the final recovery, participants performed an abbreviated paced auditory serial addition task (PASAT, 2 sec pace). Results. PASAT numbers of correct responses at end exercise were similar for young (low = 49 +- 3; high = 51 +- 3) and older (low = 46 +- 5; high = 47 +- 4) males and across air velocity conditions, and when scored relative to age norms. Psychological sweating, or an increased sweat rate with the administration of the PASAT, was observed in both age groups in the high condition. Conclusion. No significant decrements in attention and speeded information processing were observed, with age or altered air velocity, following intermittent exercise in humid heat. 
General Services Administration, Office of Evaluation Sciences. This research was completed while employed with the USDA Forest Service. We estimate the ecosystem service value of water supplied by the San Bernardino National Forest in Southern California under climate change projections through the 21 st century. We couple water flow projections from a dynamic vegetation model with an economic demand model for residential water originating from the San Bernardino National Forest. Application of the method demonstrates how estimates of consumer welfare changes due to variation in water supply from public lands in Southern California can inform policy and land management decisions. Results suggest variations in welfare changes over time due to alterations in the projected water supply surpluses, shifting demand limited by water supply shortages or surpluses, and price increases. Results are sensitive to future climate projections-in some cases large decreases in welfare due to supply shortages-and to assumptions about the demand model. 
The Determinant Parameters of Knowledge Transfer among Academicians in Colleges of Chennai Region. Purpose of the Study: The term "Knowledge" is measured as the most significant asset in every educational Institution and managing the knowledge is considered tough to succeed in the Educational Institution status. If the professors or lecturers have to use the best insights of knowledge sharing, then they have to learn how the knowledge is gathered, transferred and used in the Educational Institution. Data/Methodology: The intention of this analysis is to represent the conditions in which the development of new knowledge arises across the academic organizational borders and the factors that influence this process. Primary data are collected for this analysis. 18 questions are designed to ascertain the views of the academic faculties on the significance of knowledge transfer, strategies to encourage knowledge transfer, strategies to identify the barriers in knowledge sharing. The t-test is engaged to find the need for knowledge sharing is better communicated in engineering Colleges or in arts & science colleges. Findings: The respondent's view was also examined to reveal the most agree as for the determining factors of knowledge sharing and its barriers. This result also provides the respondents feel that there is a scarcity of knowledge sharing approaches, a lack of knowledge archives, and also an inadequacy of awareness of the benefit of KS in their organizations. Originality: The key objective of the paper is to scrutinize the determinant factors of knowledge sharing amid academic faculties working in engineering and Arts & Science Colleges situated in the Chennai zone. 
The Virtuous Circle of Corporate Social Performance and Corporate Social Disclosure. Previous literature in the field of corporate social responsibility investigates whether corporate social performance can be seen as a determinant of corporate social disclosure or, conversely, if corporate social disclosure is a determinant of corporate social performance. The aim of this report is to join these two streams of research in a unique theoretical model, which can demonstrate that there is a mutual interaction between performance and disclosure. This can result, in the long run, in a virtuous circle where higher social performance generates future higher social disclosure and this determines higher future social performance and so on. An analytical model has been adopted to demonstrate the research hypothesis. Gathering data from the portfolios of the European Socially responsible funds (SRFs) listed on the Morningstar platform in 2010, the study analyzed 160 social reports published by 80 companies during 2008 and 2009. Findings, by demonstrating the non-one-way relationship between social performance and social disclosure, confirm the existence of a mutual influence between the results gained in different CSR areas and the capability to control and communicate such performance. In this way, the paper provides not only theoretical insights, but also practical implications for managers that are required to put in place responsive and effective initiatives towards the increasing pressure exerted by the internal and external environments in which they operate. 
A Framework for Research and Practice: Relationship between Expatriate Knowledge Transfer, Subsidiary Absorptive Capacity, and Subsidiary Performance. It plays an important role in establishing and maintaining competitive advantages in multinational corporations (MNCs). MNCs transfer knowledge among parent corporations and foreign subsidiaries. While multinational firms tend to send outstanding expatriates to foreign subsidiaries to transfer knowledge. In this analysis, we theoretically indentify three dimensions during the knowledge transfer among expatriates and local staff: ability, motivation and seeking for the opportunities to transfer knowledge. Then we integrate the ability-motivation-opportunity with the absorptive capacity of corporations. The result shows that knowledge transfer from expatriates has indirect impact on performances of foreign subsidiaries, which will be stronger as the absorptive capacity of corporation becomes stronger. 
Adding a New Category of "Individual vs System" to the Economics. After the industrial revolution, the long-term effort of resolving the threat of resource scarcity was accomplished globally in the 1950s. However, the threat of environmental destruction was, and still is, accumulating along the way. As mainstream economics is the main culprit of environmental destruction, it cannot be expected also to be the correct solution. Accordingly, it is suggested that a new category of "individual vs system" should be added to the economics. As the inability of the mainstream microeconomics to endogenise the environmental variable and to construct the right foundation for microeconomic analyses can be remedied based on the microeconomic natural laws within the new category, so too, can the incapability to resolve the threat of environmental destruction from the mainstream macroeconomics be reversed based on the macroeconomic natural laws also within the new category. 
Can history improve big bang health reform? Commentary. At present, the professional skills of the historian are rarely relied upon 251 https://www. cambridge. org/core/terms. https://doi. 
Testing the Link between Inflation and Economic Growth: Evidence from Asia. The link between inflation and economic growth is one of the most important controversies in the economic literature. This report investigates the short-run and the long-run relationship between the economic growth and the inflation of three Asian courtiers over the period 1980-2010. The methodology used in the study is cointegration and causality test. Johansen's cointegration test and bound test approach were performed on the variables which have been tested for the stationary property using Augmented Dickey-Fuller and Phillips and Perron tests in order to examine the cointegration between the economic growth and the inflation. Vector error correction and Granger Causality test were further performed to discover the short run dynamics of the relationship between the variables and identify the direction of causality. The results reveal that there is a long run negative and significant relationship between the economic growth and inflation in Sri Lanka. Whereas no statistically significant relationships were found between the variables in China and in India, a negative and significant short run relationship was found for China. The causality results reveal that there is a unidirectional causality that runs from the economic growth to the inflation in China. The paper discusses the important policy implications of the results. 
Unified System Network Architecture: Flexible and Area-Efficient NoC Architecture with Multiple Ports and Cores. In recent years, as semiconductor manufacturing processes have been steadily scaled down, the transistor count fabricated on a single silicon die can reach up to a billion units. Therefore, current multiprocessor system-on-chips (MPSoCs) can include up to hundreds or even thousands of cores and additional accelerators for high-performance systems. Network-on-chips (NoCs) have become an attractive solution for interconnects, which are critical components of MPSoCs in terms of system performance. In this analysis, a highly flexible and area-efficient NoC architecture, namely the unified system network architecture (USNA), which can be tailored for various topologies, is proposed. The USNA provides high flexibility in port placements with varying numbers of local cores and router linkers. It also supports quality of service operations for both the router and linker. The network performance (e. g. , average latency and saturated throughput) and implementation cost of the USNA, using various network configurations for the same number of local cores under uniform random traffic conditions, were investigated in this analysis. According to the simulation results, the performance of the USNA is better or similar to other NoCs, with a significantly smaller area and lower power consumption. 
Predicting Brand Perception for Fast Food Market Entry. We present a combined and integrative market research approach to address common, but potentially neglected problems resulting from consumers' perceptions towards food brands. Our findings provide improved response measures and guidance for market entry strategies of established and novel food brands. Two knowledge sources and methods are combined to derive a model of brand perception: experts' opinions are elicited using the Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) to generate an overall causal effects framework for food brands. Complementary hereto, a survey of potential consumers retrieves consumers' perceptions regarding market entry scenarios of different food brands. A remote metropolitan area (Novosibirsk) was chosen as quasi-laboratory setting to simulate the market introduction of alternative fast food brands. Insights are gained about the interdependence of branding and advertisement effects. As expected, consumers' attitudes towards the brand and towards the ad are the key success factors for any type of brand. Different responses depend on consumers' expectations towards novel or established brands. Otherwise, the paper provides a proof of concept to integrate AHP and experts' assessments with consumer surveys. Findings indicate a large potential to join external and internal perspectives for obtaining more valid market assessments before the real market entry. Managers might need to enhance their model of assessed consumer perceptions with expert opinion before entering a market in order to align their advertising accordingly. Global and local brands face distinctively different market entry barriers. Novel global brands constitute a promising alternative for a food company wishing to enter a new market. Managers need to decide whether a combined specific approach is necessary and eventually incorporate it in case of new foods brands. A novel method is introduced to assess market perceptions of food brands before the latter actually enter the market. A combined approach incorporates expert opinions to enhance incomplete consumer information. Findings indicate strong interaction effects between brand and advertisement related factors which in turn strongly influence consumers' perceptions. 
The Intervention Effects of Succession Planning on Offspring's Willingness to Take over Family Businesses-An Experimental Study Based on Behavioral Decision-Making and Opportunity Cost Theories *. The fact that offspring's willingness to take over family business is extremely low is a severe problem hindering Chinese family businesses' succession. This report, based on behavioral decision-making theory and opportunity cost theory, identifies the decision-making attribute of offspring's willingness to take over the business first, then explores and verifies the intervention effects of succession planning and temporal distance on such willingness. Experimental data from 135 samples indicate: offspring's willingness to take over the business is significantly higher in the situation where parents develop a complete succession plan than in the situation where no succession plan is made; temporal distance moderates the effects of succession planning on offspring's willingness. The study is supposed to provide theoretical evidence and practical suggestions for family business to promote offspring's willingness to be the successor of family business. 
Analysis of industry risk premium with MVS three dimensions vector factor model. It is very important to identify deviation mechanism of price volatility of an industry asset and the affecting factors, and it is important to give the reasonable explanation and measurement to the abnormality of price volatility of the industry asset. This report adopts heterogeneous panel and exploratory factor analysis methods, measuring industry risk by industry risk premium index, and constructs an industry MVS three dimensions vector factor model to analyze the factors consistent and affecting extent to industry risk. Furthermore, this report analyzes simultaneously the linkage effect and working mechanism of multi-industries risks and gives an empirical research to determinants mechanism affecting industry risk. 
Demand Function for Croatian Tourist Product: A Panel Data Approach. Croatia as a small country with GDP of 14. 255 US $ per capita and 44. 6 milliard Euro of gross external debt has a strong need for a development process and construction of production bases which, in the future, will be capable to generate revenue for the return of foreign debt. As a small country, with relatively low production potential, the service sector seems the only way for achieving the necessary income to servicing foreign debt, and to start new development cycle. In Croatia, tourism sector participates with approximately 3% in the structure of GDP, while revenues from tourism has been growing constantly, from 10. 6% (1996) to 22% (2008) in GDP. This sector employs about 3. 5 of total employees and has a significant multiplicative effect on the overall economy, where the multiplier of tourist consumption is around 2. 5. According to statistics, tourism activity tends to grow faster than the total Croatian production. The high import dependence and the weak export propulsive of goods, in last decade, had a negative impact on external trade sector, furthermore, the trade deficit reached 7. 3 billion Euros, while revenues from tourism amounted 6. 4 billion Euros (2009). In the Mediterranean basin the most significant Croatian competitors are France, Spain and Italy, states that are also among the five most desirable destinations in the world, while Croatia with 11 million arrivals and 56. 3 million overnights (2009), was ranked around 20th place. Tourism is a sector that involves a multiplicity of economic activities responding to differentiated demands with specific characteristics at the national and international levels. Identifying the main determinants of tourism demand is becoming imperative for the country whose development process depends heavily on tourist revenues. Tourism brings obvious economic benefits, with the two most important being the generation of foreign exchange and revenues as well as the creation of jobs. Therefore, it is no surprise that tourism is an important economic activity in many parts of the world, including Croatia. Given the importance of the tourism, the aim of this report is to design the model of demand for Croatian tourist product. 
Citation. Asiatic lions typify most challenges faced by large carnivores: single population, historical bottlenecks, habitat loss, poaching, and conflict with humans. Their recovery from <50 in a few hundred km 2 to >500 occupying 13,000 km 2 of agro-pastoral Saurashtra landscape, Gujarat, India is an enigma. We review and evaluate the multidisciplinary aspects of lion conservation-strategy that covers ecology, conflict, community perceptions, economics, management, and politics. The history of modern lions in India dates back to ~4-6,000 BP, but evidence suggests presence as early as 10-15,000 BP. Asiatic lions can be distinguished from African lions by their belly-folds; adult males and females weighing 160 (SE 4. 7) and 116 (SE 3. 7) kg, respectively. Lion density ranged from 2 to 15/100 km 2 in the Saurashtra landscape. Demographic parameters of Asiatic lions were comparable to African lions. Prides were related females and cubs; males lived separately in hierarchical coalitions having overlapping ranges with multiple prides. Lionesses mated with multiple coalitions to reduce infanticide and enhance genetic diversity of their progeny. Few hectares of scrub sufficed as daytime refuges, while >4 km 2 patches were required for breeding. Sink populations outside Gir Protected Area (PA) were maintained by immigrants. Lions within PA fed primarily on wild-prey, while scavenging and predation on livestock was the mainstay outside. Monetary compensation for livestock-depredation, legal-protection, lion-related profits, combined with religious and cultural sentiments were major drivers of population recovery. The lion has become a socio-political instrument in Gujarat, which despite a Supreme Court directive, has not parted with founders to establish another population. Threats from epidemics loom large and currently a canine distemper virus outbreak is prevalent. Attacks on humans were rare, however, with increasing lion density the intensity of conflict is increasing. This, coupled with lowered tolerance of communities due to erosion of traditional values sets the stage for retaliation. Future of lions outside PA is uncertain as breeding refuges and their connecting corridors are vanishing rapidly. A human-free National Park of ~1,000 km 2 is essential for ensuring a viable population that retains its ecological role and evolutionary potential. Legalizing lion based ecotourism by forming village consortia holds promise to prevent land conversion and promoting lion-human coexistence. 
Older peoples' willingness to delay social security claiming. We have designed and implemented an experimental module in the 2014 Health and Retirement Study to measure older persons' willingness to defer claiming of Social Security benefits. Under the current system' status quo where delaying claiming boosts eventual benefits, we show that 46% of the respondents would delay claiming and work longer. If respondents were instead offered an actuarially fair lump sum payment instead of higher lifelong benefits, about 56% indicate they would delay claiming. Without a work requirement, the average amount needed to induce delayed claiming is only $60,400, while when part-time work is stipulated, the amount is slightly higher, $66,700. This small difference implies a low utility value of leisure foregone, of under 20% of average household income. 
Analysis of Foreign Direct Investment, Agricultural Sector and Economic Growth in Tanzania Open Access. This report analyzes the effect of foreign direct investment (FDI) on agricultural sector in Tanzania. The paper also examines the declining contribution of agriculture to real GDP growth despite the fact that the sector employs more than 70 percent of the total labour force. Annual time series data spanning from 1990 to 2015 are used to test the significance of the relationship between FDI inflow and agriculture value added-to-GDP ratio on one hand and FDI inflows and economic growth on the other hand. Also, the relationship between agriculture value added and economic growth rate is empirically examined. Variables such as gross fixed capital formation, inflation rate, trade liberalization, real exchange rate and population are considered as control variables. For the purpose of inference, the paper employs classical linear regression model. Ordinary least squares methods are used for estimation. The diagnostic tests including RESET regression errors specification test, Breusch-Godfrey serial correlation LM test, Jacque-Bera-normality test and white heteroskedasticity test reveal that the models have no signs of misspecification and that, the residuals are serially uncorrelated, normally distributed and homoskedastic. Interestingly, empirical results suggest that there is no significant effect of FDI inflows on agriculture value added-to-GDP ratio in Tanzania despite the fact that FDI inflows in economy have been outstanding particularly in past two decades. Unsurprisingly, the results show that FDI inflows-to-GDP ratio and real GDP growth rate are positively correlated. Notwithstanding, agriculture sector, which constitutes the largest proportion of the total labour force, contributes, on average, less than 30 percent, to total GDP. This suggests that the sector is inefficient and therefore, effort towards attracting more FDI aiming at improving productivity in agriculture sector, which in turn may reduce poverty, is much needed. 
Will China's "Two-child in One Family" Policy to Spur Population Growth Work?. The population problem has always been a fundamental, overall and strategic issue faced by the human society. While China's family planning policy has promoted China's economic development and social progress, the "two-child" policy failed to receive satisfactory result. Confronted by China's low fertility rate, efforts must be done from many aspects to spur population growth: establish the National Population Security Council, strengthen the selection and appointment of population policy makers, strengthen the family values, adopt incentive measures to increase fertility, and so on. The "two-child" policy has been carried out for more than three years, and the policy is still facing the test of time. China's "two-child" policy is still a transitional policy, and the final solution will be to abandon birth control. 
Optimal Dividend and Issuance of Equity Policies in the Presence of Interest. We investigate the dividend and equity issuance problem in the presence of interest rate. The evolution of the financial reserves of an insurance company, where management payout dividends and issue new equity, is described by a stochastic differential equation. The work of Lokka and Zervos [1] is extended by including the interest rate component into the model in order to make the model more realistic. The aim is to maximise the expected discounted dividends pay-out until the time of bankruptcy. In order to investigate this problem, the stochastic control theory for diffusion processes will be used. In order to handle the problem, the Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation (HJB) is derived and solved. The second order ordinary differential equation associated with the problem turns out to belong to the class of Kummer's confluent hyper-geometric differential equations. This category of equations is not easy to solve. The equation is non-dimensionalised and change of variables is effected in two different stages. The results show that interest rate affected the rate at which the value function and threshold level change. 
The Educational System Challenges from the Perspective of Modern Technologies. Information and communication technology and the movement from traditional societies to information communities have affected all human dimensions and needs. Educational institutions, including universities and schools, are the largest producer, distributor and storage of information and knowledge and if done, a good effort to properly apply information technology and focus it on the development plan, educational systems will be able to become one of the largest sources of skilled human resource development in information technology and play an important scientific and economic role in the country and global competitions. The most important obstacle to the use of modern educational technologies is economic impediment from the perspective of teachers and managers. After that, the most important barriers were strategic, educational, technical, legal and cultural barriers respectively. Also, the study of the researches between the use of modern educational technologies and students' educational progress shows that there are many barriers in using information and communication technology that is influenced by the situation and its application fields. Therefore, this research tries to address the barriers to the application of information and communication technology in the educational system. 
Research on the Influence of Urbanization on Income Gap between Urban and Rural Areas -Based on Income Source. According to China's panel data between 2002 and 2016, the present thesis first analyzed the overall effects and time effects of urbanization on wage disparity, net operating income disparity, net property income gap, and net transferred income disparity between urban and rural residents, and then analyzed the overall effects and time effects of each income disparity on the total income gap between urban and rural residents. In general, the impact of urbanization on urban-rural income disparity was studied from the perspective of income sources. The results show that urbanization bridges the income gap between urban and rural areas, with an inverted U-shaped structure which increases first and then narrows, from the income sources perspective. So, the targeted and operational policy recommendations are proposed. 
Measuring the Efficiency of U. S. Pharmaceutical Companies Based on Open Innovation Types. The pharmaceutical industry, where research and development (R&D) efficiency is central to company survival, has recently faced significant challenges. To increase efficiency, companies must implement strategies such as open innovation (OI), wherein they sell their intellectual property, maximize their use of external resources, adjust their structures, and implement new business models. In this analysis, we divided 701 U. S. pharmaceutical companies according to their OI strategies to measure and compare their R&D efficiencies between 2001 and 2016. We analyzed the deal data of companies by first dividing them into four groups (inside-out, outside-in, coupled, and closed) to calculate R&D efficiency using stochastic and meta-frontier analyses. In the first group analysis, the coupled group shows high technical efficiency, but in an overall comparison, the inside-out group achieves the highest efficiency values. These values increased between 2005 and 2010, when the R&D crisis in the industry was great at its highest. We thus identified the characteristics of each group based on our results, and presented extensive analyses using a time-series comparison and enterprise-level analysis. We claim that pharmaceutical companies can still cope with the current R&D crisis by implementing different OI strategies. 
Using Mobile Device to Increase Student Academic Outcomes in Qatar. The purpose of this analysis was to investigate the impact and use of mobile learning tools out of school work. The study determined whether the school assignment prompts has improved student outcome in a mathematics classroom. The general methodology is a quantitative-experimental design; one group of students were administered a higher frequency mobile assignment prompt, a control group was administered a low frequency mobile assignment prompt and a third assigned homework in a traditional manner (in-class handouts). The three groups were matched based on equal aptitude and hence were randomly assigned either in the control or experimental groups. The findings showed that among the high frequency reminder group had increase of return rate and math achievement scores compared to the low frequency and traditional group. We underline the importance of classroom strategies in the improvement of student learning practices by engaging teacher and students with appropriate technologies. The strategies suggested in this analysis could be implemented in teacher daily school repertoire and could be generalizable to all schools in Qatar. 
Networks and social cohesion in ancient Indian Ocean trade: geography, ethnicity, religion. The Indian Ocean is famous for its well-documented Jewish and Islamic trading networks of the medieval and early modern periods. Social networks that eased the challenges of cross-cultural trade have a much longer history in the region, however. The great distances covered by merchants and the seasonality of the monsoons left few alternatives to staying away for prolonged periods of time, and shipwreck, piracy, and the slave trade caused people to end up on coasts far away from home. Networks of merchants developed in the Indian Ocean region that depended on a degree of social cohesion. This article draws up a map of selected merchant communities in the western Indian Ocean, and argues that geographical origin, ethnicity, and religion may have been different ways of establishing the necessary infrastructure of trust. 
Discovering Complex Incomplete Periodic Patterns through Logi-cal Derivations. Discovering complex and incomplete periodic patterns in the logs of events is a complicated and time consuming task. This work shows that it is possible to discover complex and incomplete periodic patterns through finding simple patterns first and through logical derivations of complex and incomplete patterns later on. The paper defines a syntax and semantics of a class of periodic patterns that frequently occur in the logs of events. A system of derivation rules proposed in the paper can be used to transform a set of periodic patterns into a logically equivalent set of patterns. The rules are used in the algorithms that derive complex and incomplete periodic patterns. A prototype implementation of the algorithms that discover complex and incomplete periodic patterns in the logs of events is presented. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Article Development Initiatives, Micro-Enterprise Performance and Sustainability. Towards improving the socio-economic condition of low-income households, development organizations offer a repertoire of initiatives. This analysis focused on the impacts of access to working capital and enterprise development training programs, on the performance and sustainability of micro-enterprises owned and managed by low-income households, in the state of Kelantan, Peninsular Malaysia. The data of 450 micro-entrepreneurs, was randomly selected from the participants' list of three development organizations servicing Kelantan: Amanah Ikhtiar Malaysia (AIM); National Entrepreneurs Economic Group Fund (TEKUN); and Malaysia Fisheries Development Board (LKIM). This analysis revealed several participation indicators (i. e. , years of participation, total number of trainings, total number of training hours received, and number of center meetings or discussions attended, etc. ), which have a positive effect on micro-enterprise performance and sustainability. However, the findings were inconclusive as one of the key participation indicators, 'total amount of economic loans received', showed a negative (not statistically significant) effect on micro-enterprise performance and sustainability. This analysis expanded the limited literature on micro-enterprise performance and sustainability, and the role of working capital and enterprise development training programs; thus providing a clearer understanding of the effectiveness of current development initiatives. 
Financial Stability Index for the Financial Sector of Pakistan. This analysis aims to develop a financial stability index for the Pakistani financial sector by using the financial reports for the period of 2001-2011. Specifically, we constructed three different classes of indices in this analysis based on a variance-equal weighted approach, a linear probability approach, and a logistic approach. We also assessed the prediction accuracy of the financial stability index. All indices indicated that profitability, liquid liability to the liquid asset, non-performing loan, uncovered liabilities, interest spread and inter-fund to liquid liabilities variables contribute significantly to the determination of financial stress of commercial banks. We also compared the results of indices computed with different methodologies-among them was the index constructed by employing coefficients of the logistic model and which performed outstandingly in predicting distressed and non-distressed banks. Moreover, the findings of this analysis suggest that in regard to return on assets and return on equity, when employed in a stepwise manner for developing the financial stability index, the results are similar in the sense that both profitability indicators have the same behavior. Finally, we conclude that the financial stability indices developed in this analysis could help decision makers to detect and avoid instability in the future. 
Engineering Education in India: Preparation of Professional Engineering Educators. In 21st century, engineering education in India faces significant challenges as it requires meeting the demands of technical profession and emerging job market. Researchers have found some universally preferred, yet challenging skills for global workforce, e. g. , science, technology, engineering and math (STEM), statistics and data analysis skills, are of the topmost priority. Moreover, after being the signatory of Washington Accord, India needs to reinvent not only the India Inc. , but also its technical/engineering education system. Recently, we have witnessed a major shift in customer relationship and business strategies of corporate houses. Nowadays, e-learners and online consumers are increasing, for which we have to update our digital world, i. e. , infrastructure, content/domain knowledge, educators/HR trainers. Thus, our technical faculty should need to learn the innovative approaches to teaching and learning, which in turn will require effective professional development for both new and experienced instructors alike. It is high time now to redesign our curricula, pedagogy and make the pre-service teacher preparation programme mandatory part of technical higher education. 
The Research on Teacher-Student Relationship from the Perspective of Educational Philosophy. Teacher-student relationship is the most basic interpersonal relationship in colleges. In the teaching process, creating a relaxed and enjoyable learning climate and cultivating harmonious teacher-student relationship can not only ease students' emotional obstacles and learning anxiety, but also can promote students' learning motivation and autonomous learning consciousness. In recent years, with the development of Pedagogy and Educational Psychology, the research on teacher-student relationship has greatly increased at home and abroad. Nevertheless, the research on how to establish, facilitate, and develop teacher-student relationship from the perspective of educational philosophy is little and not in-depth. The thesis adopted the qualitative research methods. The research samples are 86 non-English major sophomores from Taiyuan College of Modern Science and Technology. Qualitative analysis is mainly based on open questionnaires, diary, interview, and observation. The thesis is divided into five parts. The main frame is as follows: 1) The first part is literature review that stated the main theories on teacher-student relationship from different educational philosophers. 2) The second part is the methodology of this research which introduces the procedures of this analysis, including participants, procedures of data collection. 3) The third part is mainly about the process of establishing harmonious teacher-student relationship in and after class. 4) The fourth part is the findings from the research. 5) The last part is some implications for teachers from the view of point of educational philosophy. 
Dental Practice Integration Into Primary Care: A Microsimulation of Financial Implications for Practices. Given the widespread lack of access to dental care for many vulnerable Americans, there is a growing realization that integrating dental and primary care may provide comprehensive care. We sought to model the financial impact of integrating dental care provision into a primary care practice. A microsimulation model was used to estimate changes in net revenue per practice by simulating patient visits to a primary dental practice within primary care practices, utilizing national survey and un-identified claims data from a nationwide health insurance plan. The impact of potential changes in utilization rates and payer distributions and hiring additional staff was also evaluated. When dental care services were provided in the primary care setting, annual net revenue changes per practice were -$92,053 (95% CI: -93,054, -91,052) in the first year and $104,626 (95% CI: 103,315, 105,316) in subsequent years. Net revenue per annum after the first year of integration remained positive as long as the overall utilization rates decreased by less than 25%. In settings with a high proportion of publicly insured patients, the net revenue change decreased but was still positive. Integrating primary dental and primary care providers would be financially viable, but this viability depends on demands of dental utilization and payer distributions. 
The Impact of Potential Korea-U. S. Free Trade Agreement Renegotiation on the Korean Rice Market and Trade. Korea replaced its rice import quota with a tariff rate quota (TRQ) in 2015. A structural model representing the Korean rice market is developed to evaluate this new trade policy and examine the possibility of Korean rice imports under uncertainty. Results indicate that rice imports in excess of the current TRQ quantity are unlikely for a range of market conditions. Two scenarios, which are the over-quota tariff rate reduction and the TRQ quantity expansion, show how the market responds to policy changes. In addition, Korean rice imports are sensitive to consumer preferences for different rice types. 
Measuring the impact of financial taxation on capital: evidence from Chilean manufacturing plants Measuring the impact of financial taxation on capital: evidence from Chilean manufacturing plants. Using panel data from Chilean manufacturing plants, we estimate the impact of a stamp tax, levied on loans by financial institutions, on capital stock. Our results show that the tax has a statistically significant negative effect on the stock of capital. Specifically, we find that a rise of one percentage point in the financial tax rate decreases the stock of capital by about 4%. We also find that the impact on firms is heterogeneous, depending on the intensity of the different types of capital they hold. In particular, the demand for capital from firms with a higher percentage of structural assets, such as land and buildings, is relatively less affected by the tax. 
Understanding Flamboyancy of Globalization through Higher Educational Economics : Limkokwing Integrated Model on Economics (LIME). 'Globalization', a term that was denied in communist countries as they looked at it as destructing factor in economic development. It was considered as negative element to divert respective country's resources. Fact remains same when fellow citizens see globalization as outright selling of resources or buying resources from other nations to demolish their own production. Karl Marx in 18 th century propaganded how future will be entangled in capitalism and his views cannot be abandoned by any modern economist or governments. The World has become small such that communication and trade has gone beyond borders. While the war between communism and capitalism being kept apart, today notion is about getting global. Present World has extended its boundaries. This requires attention and needs to be divulged to world at large. One can understand the best platform to communication a concept is through education. It is a strong and powerful medium to introduce agendas that can be implemented. A constructive model is submitted through this research paper. Limkokwing University of Malaysia has been taken as element to derive a model for this research study whereby it represents as one of the best institution to broadcast globalization through its visionary approach of having diversified cultures and nationalities in one institution. This University integrates students and their traditions from all corners of World. There are exemplary evidence to build the unity among people irrespective of races and ethnicities within their campuses. Based on this, a distinguished model has been framed and tested with sample of 52 economist from Banking sector, Economic Planning Commission, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, United Nations and Academia from Malaysia. They were surveyed and interviewed. This Mixed mode research is built upon Theory of Liberalism which illustrates globalization as market-led extension of modernization. This research paper focuses to submit a deliberate model on Economics to vehicle the merits of Globalization. Measures has been taken to rise the flag of concept than the instrument. Severe emphasis is laid on promoting LIME model than other variants. SmartPLS 3. 0 version software package was used to analyze the quantitative data and phenomenological analysis was used to analyze qualitative data. 
Management Consulting in Human Resource Management: Central and Eastern European Perspectives in Light of Empirical Experiences. We analyze the evolution of management consulting in the field of human resources (HR) for the past 20 years in the transitional economies of Central and Eastern Europe (CEE). Our framework for HR consultancy is based on extensive professional experience in the region, several sets of multiyear surveys, and a review of the literature. We focus on the evolving HR theory and the current HR practice in Bulgaria,. Our paper relies on three major sets of multiyear surveys, conducted by the authors' direct or indirect involvement. Special attention is paid to HR consulting in multinational firms and public sector organizations. 
Variables of the Shipping Market. In this report, we present stochastic differential equations related to the cost variables of the shipping market. These SDEs arise under the addition of stochastic terms on the deterministic differential equations concerning the same variables. The financial interest arises from the fact that these SDEs may be used for the valuation of derivatives on these variables, such as futures, options, and others. 
Study on Loan Pricing Model of Commercial Banks Based on Artificial Neural Network. In recent years, commercial banks and other financial institutions have been carrying out unprecedented reforms on the marketization of interest rates, and the floating space of loan interest rates has been constantly expanding. Therefore, loan pricing has become the most critical link of Chinese commercial banks. It is urgent to construct a scientific and objective loan pricing model so as to keep pace with the competition rhythm of commercial banks in developed countries and make the allocation of financial resources in China more optimized and better serve the economic development of China in the new stage. First of all, this report analyzes the existing loan pricing model of Chinese commercial banks, deeply recognizes the impact of human subjectivity on loan pricing, and then determines that the core index of loan pricing, namely risk rating, should be evaluated by the objective back propagation algorithm, namely BP algorithm. On the basis of these theories and practices, this report discusses the new loan pricing model of Chinese commercial banks, that is, the loan pricing based on the risk rating classification of BP algorithm, and conducts an empirical analysis with the sample customer data. Finally, it gives relevant recommendations from the macro-external factors and its own internal system on improving the loan pricing to commercial banks. 
Elections in a Multi-Party Political System. In a multi-party political system, candidates' policy points disperse in general even with two candidates when parties have different feasible policy sets. Also, it is shown that extremists can influence the political outcomes with a relatively small feasible policy set. 
Life Satisfaction and Quality of Life Enjoyment among Retired People Aged 65 or Older. Ageing is a global concern. Today, we emphasize healthy ageing with life satisfaction and better quality of life. The advanced technology in healthcare services and medical treatment has led to greater longevity. Although older people reach retirement age at 65, they continue to work for their career. Retirement can be a financial impact as the working older people cannot continue to earn money for their living. They need to rely on support from their family and the government. Retirement is also the factor to make dramatically changes in roles and responsibilities, authority, social network, and self-value. This analysis aimed 1) to examine the level of life satisfaction and quality of life enjoyment and 2) to identify relationships between demographic characteristics and life satisfaction and quality of life enjoyment among older people aged 65 or older. The study results are significant to show the important areas to improve life satisfaction and quality of life enjoyment among older people aged 65 or older. Social relationship, particularly, support from family is the most important element to enhance life satisfaction and quality of life enjoyment in retired people. 
China's Efforts in Sustainable Development: A Test Case for Nigeria's Environmental Sustainability Goals. The drive by nations to attain economic and social developments adversely affects the ecological balance of the environment. The challenges of maintaining a balance in the state of the global environment have become the major focus of many governments and the committee of nations at large. The global tool for measuring Environmental Sustainability ranks China among the highest on the global ecological footprints. It shows that a country like the United States draws its place due to its large consumption per person, while China on the other hand draws its place largely due to its enormous population. The complex nature of this value with regards to the increasingly fragile worldwide environment, suggests that the old paradigms of growth cannot work for China where the available resources face critical challenges of sustainability. China therefore presents a paradigmatic test case for environmental sustainability studies. Nigeria on the other hand shares peculiarity with China as the largest country in Africa with regards to population. Though Nigeria is presently a low technology based economy, however, with its abundant natural resources and the vision to joining the league of emerging global economies, Nigeria faces increasing challenges with the management of its share of environmental pollution. This report aims at identifying the various resource and environment related challenges facing the Chinese and the actions put in place towards achieving a cleaner environment as a model for addressing sustainable environment issues in emerging economies like Nigerian. 
TRADE UNION RECOGNITION IN MALAYSIA: LEGAL ISSUES. In Malaysia, the Federal Constitution protects the worker's enjoyment as to freedom of association, in particular, the right to form and join the trade union. However, due to security purposes, various restrictions have been imposed on trade union activities. The recognition process is currently showing a decline in the number of recognition awards due to the government's policy. This report examines the legal issues and challenges confronting the trade union in the recognition process in Malaysia. This analysis adopted the qualitative approach to analyse the statutory procedures and cases relating to the issue. Interviews were conducted with the Department of Industrial Relations, Malaysia and the Department of Trade Union Affairs, Malaysia to obtain their opinion on the recognition process. It is suggested that the Malaysian government should abolish the employer's recognition; provide a statutory definition on the managerial, executive, confidential and security positions; establish an independent administrative trade union board and ratify the Convention Concerning Freedom of Association and Protection of the Right to Organise Convention No. 87. 
The impact of COVID-19 on franchising in emerging markets: An example from Brazil. The outbreak of COVID-19, the disease caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus, has had significant economic, political, and social consequences worldwide. The franchising sector, consisting mostly of retail and service businesses, is an example of an industry that has been deeply affected. The experiences of franchising stakeholders in Brazil highlight the strengths of the franchising model in such situations. This investigation, based on primary data from webinars with food service, education, retail, and business-to-business service companies in Brazil, coupled with reports from commercial and franchising entities, reveals how the COVID-19 outbreak has affected the franchising sector. It illustrates the measures that were taken, the negotiations that take place between suppliers and landlords, the adaptation of business models, the effects on franchisor-franchisee relationships, and the impact the pandemic has had on relationships with customers. The strategies adopted by Brazilian franchisors and franchisees suggest lessons for other franchising companies in similar situations, such as those in developing and emerging economies. 
Economic growth, financial development, urbanisation and electricity consumption nexus in UAE Economic growth, financial development, urbanisation and electricity consumption nexus in UAE. This analysis aims to explore the relationship between economic growth, urbanisation, financial development and electricity consumption in United Arab Emirates for the period 1975-2011. The ARDL bounds testing approach is employed to examine the long-run relationship between the variables in the presence of structural breaks. The VECM Granger causality is applied to investigate the direction of causal relationships between the variables. Our empirical exercise validated the cointegration between the series in the case of United Arab Emirates. Further, results reveal that an inverted U-shaped relationship is found between economic growth and electricity consumption. Financial development adds in electricity consumption. The relationship between urbanisation and electricity consumption is also an inverted U-shaped. This implies that urbanisation increases electricity consumption initially and, after a threshold level of urbanisation, electricity demand falls. The causality analysis finds feedback hypothesis between economic growth and electricity consumption, i. e. economic growth and electricity consumption are interdependent. The bidirectional causality is found between financial development and electricity consumption. Economic growth and urbanisation Granger cause each other. The feedback hypothesis is also found between urbanisation and financial development, financial development and economic growth, and the same is true for electricity consumption and urbanisation. 
An Evaluation of the English Language Curriculum of the Nigeria Certificate in Education: A Case Study of a College of Education. This treatise is a pilot study that evaluated the implementation of the English language curriculum of the Nigeria Certificate in Education at a College of Education in Ogun State, Nigeria. The certificate is the basic qualification for teaching. The poor performance of Nigerian students in external English examinations has continued to be a source of worry to parents, educational stakeholders and the government. This problem has impeded the transition to higher education of many Nigerian students. In order to proffer solution to this problem, the effectiveness of the training of English language teachers need to be examined. The study sought to fill the gap by evaluating the implementation of the English language curriculum of the NCE in order to determine the effectiveness of the schooling of teachers. In investigating these issues, a mixed methods approach was used to utilise a case study. The sample comprised ten lecturers and twenty students drawn through convenience sampling techniques. The instruments were questionnaires, observation checklists, interviews and field notes. The methods of analysis were descriptive/inferential statistics and thematic content analysis. The findings revealed that lecturers employed mostly a combination of teaching modes in classrooms. The resources (physical and human) were found to be inadequate and the school technologically deficient. Furthermore, the negative attitudes of the students impacted on the implementation of the curriculum. The study identified the ineffective implementation of the NCE English language curriculum. The paper recommends that parents and other stakeholders should thoroughly investigate teacher training. 
Solution to the SLAM Problem in Low Dynamic Environments Using a Pose Graph and an RGB-D Sensor. In this analysis, we propose a solution to the simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) problem in low dynamic environments by using a pose graph and an RGB-D (red-green-blue depth) sensor. The low dynamic environments refer to situations in which the positions of objects change over long intervals. Therefore, in the low dynamic environments, robots have difficulty recognizing the repositioning of objects unlike in highly dynamic environments in which relatively fast-moving objects can be detected using a variety of moving object detection algorithms. The changes in the environments then cause groups of false loop closing when the same moved objects are observed for a while, which means that conventional SLAM algorithms produce incorrect results. To address this problem, we propose a novel SLAM method that handles low dynamic environments. The proposed method uses a pose graph structure and an RGB-D sensor. First, to prune the falsely grouped constraints efficiently, nodes of the graph, that represent robot poses, are grouped according to the grouping rules with noise covariances. Next, false constraints of the pose graph are pruned according to an error metric based on the grouped nodes. The pose graph structure is reoptimized after eliminating the false information, and the corrected localization and mapping results are obtained. The performance of the method was validated in real experiments using a mobile robot system. 
Using the FAHP, ISM, and MICMAC Approaches to Study the Sustainability Influencing Factors of the Last Mile Delivery of Rural E-Commerce Logistics. The development of rural e-commerce has rapidly driven the development of rural logistics in China. Improving the service quality of the last mile delivery is an important measure to promote the sustainable development of rural e-commerce logistics. However, such work is challenging because the current rural last mile delivery is inefficient and unsustainable and is influenced by a set of interacting factors. It is necessary to explore the relationships among the sustainability influencing factors of rural last mile delivery. A total of 15 sustainability influencing factors are selected. The improved fuzzy analytic hierarchy process (FAHP) is used to assign the weights of the factors and then the interpretative structural model (ISM) is used to determine the hierarchical structure of each factor. The driving force-dependency quadrant graph is constructed by cross-impact matrix multiplication (MICMAC). The research results show that four factors, including "convenience of returning goods", "integrity of goods", "advance reservation of goods pickup", and "delivery costs", are the most basic factors affecting the sustainability of rural last mile delivery and are the deepest and most indispensable factors. This research provides valuable information for decision makers to develop proactive strategies and reinforcement policies to improve the service quality of rural last mile delivery, which could promote the sustainable development of rural logistics. 
Economic Integration, Tax Erosion, and Decentralisation: An Empirical Analysis. This report addresses the issues of whether and how economic integration can affect the ability of the central governments to raise tax revenues and lead to a greater decentralisation of the public sector. To this purpose, a country-specific measure of tax erosion is derived. That is used as a determinant of the degree of fiscal federalism. We find that an increase of economic integration causes a decline of the implicit tax rates on mobile capital and the process of tax erosion positively contributes to the growth of public sector decentralisation. 
Generational Differences in Motivation at Work in Slovakian Small and Medium Sized Companies. Society's aging trend will have an impact on the labor market. Today, more than 50% of the labor market is made up of members of Generation X and the Baby Boomer generation. According to some estimates, the number of young people on the labor market will continue to decline. This trend will lead to an increase in demand for young workers, and companies will be competing for them. For this reason, it is crucial for companies to develop a good motivational strategy. The differences between generations are growing, so more and more gaps can be observed between older and younger employees. For companies, it is challenging to create a working environment that can equally meet the needs of different generations. The purpose of my study was to understand and explain the differences in motivational tools used in the workplace between the generations in small and medium sized companies in Slovakia. In my study, I will investigate which motivational tools most influence the generations in the workplace. In my opinion, this will help managers to decide to motivate the different generations to work more effectively. 
The Dynamics of the S&P 500 under a Crisis Context: Insights from a Three-Regime Switching Model. This report provides an econometric analysis aiming at evidencing the dynamics showed by the S&P 500 market index during the period of 4 January 2001-28 April 2020, in which the subprime crisis has taken place and the COVID-19 crisis has begun. In particular, we fit a three-regime switching model that allows market parameters to behave differently during economic downturns, with the regimes representative of the tranquil, volatile, and turbulent states. We document that the tranquil regime is the most frequent for the whole period, while the dominant regime is the volatile one for the crisis of 2008 and the turbulent one for the first four months of 2020. We fit the same model to the returns of the Dow Jones Industrial Average index and find that during the same period of investigation, the most frequent regime has been the tranquil one, while the volatile and turbulent regimes share the same frequencies. Additionally, we use a multinomial logit model to describe the probabilities of volatile or turbulent regimes. We show that, in the case of the S&P 500 index, the returns from the Volatility Index (VIX) index are significant for both the volatile and the turbulent regimes, while the gold, WTI oil, and the dollar indices have some explanatory power only for the turbulent regime. 
Short-Term Financial Time Series Forecasting Integrating Principal Component Analysis and Independent Component Analysis with Support Vector Regression. Financial time series forecasting could be beneficial for individual as well as institutional investors. But, the high noise and complexity residing in the financial data make this job extremely challenging. Over the years, many researchers have used support vector regression (SVR) quite successfully to conquer this challenge. In this report, an SVR based forecasting model is proposed which first uses the principal component analysis (PCA) to extract the low-dimensional and efficient feature information, and then uses the independent component analysis (ICA) to preprocess the extracted features to nullify the influence of noise in the features. Experiments were carried out based on 16 years' historical data of three prominent stocks from three different sectors listed in Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE), Bangladesh. The predictions were made for 1 to 4 days in advance targeting the short term prediction. For comparison, the integration of PCA with SVR (PCA-SVR), ICA with SVR (ICA-SVR) and single SVR approaches were applied to evaluate the prediction accuracy of the proposed approach. Experimental results show that the proposed model (PCA-ICA-SVR) outperforms the PCA-SVR, ICA-SVR and single SVR methods. 
AZAM Tani: Improving the Knowledge Can Help Increased the Level of Skills Respondent in Work. Poverty is not something new issue for a country. Poverty is seen as a problem that could negatively impact on a country. Malaysia also cannot escape from this poverty problem. Malaysia is a country where the Moslem people are majority and they are permanent resident. Therefore, from the perspective of Islam, poverty had been seen as a social disease [1]. According to the post' or scholars' statement, one of the ways poverty can be overcome is the implementation of the community development program. One of the community development programs in Malaysia that for farmer and house hold that involve in agriculture is called AZAM Tani. A study was conducted on participants AZAM Tani (Agricultural AZAM) areas of Seberang Perai, Penang. AZAM are words in Malay language. It is also short form and stand for End Time of The Poor. The method used was census. A total of 54 respondents were found. The results showed that the AZAM Tani program is able to help increase knowledge. Then with the knowledge that the participants had, they are able to raise their level of skills. This can be seen in the results of Spearman correlation indicating the relevance of knowledge to the implementation of the program and the relevance of relationship knowledge and skills with r = 0. 612, p < 0. 05. This relationship is positive. The study also shows an increase in the income level of the respondents. 
Research on the Impact of Internet Finance on Risk Level of Commercial Banks. The rapid development of Internet finance has continuously changed the mode of operation of China's financial system. Under the backdrop of China's entry into a new normal economy, slowing economic growth, and a grim situation, the impact of Internet finance on traditional financial models based on commercial banks is extremely huge and far-reaching. Therefore, we should thoroughly investigate the risk exposure of commercial banks in the context of Internet finance, study the two-way impact mechanism of Internet finance on bank risk exposure, and how Internet finance generally affects the risk behavior of banks. This stabilizes the Chinese banking industry and the stability of the entire financial system has important practical significance. This report uses the loan loss readiness rate as an explanatory variable to try to model, construct the Internet index as an explanatory variable, and select the control variables from macroscopic and microscopic perspectives, including macroeconomic level, bank capital adequacy ratio, bank capital return rate, and banking concentration. Degree, bank loan-to-deposit ratio, and asset size, through the regression analysis of the GMM model, access to the data of 26 listed commercial banks from 2006 to 2016, striving to theoretically sort out the impact of Internet finance on commercial bank risk-taking, combined with empirical research. The in-depth study of the impact of Internet finance on commercial banks' risk-taking will provide theoretical and practical reference opinions for commercial banks to improve the risk-taking situation. 
Open Peer Review Malaria elimination transmission and costing in the Asia-Pacific: Developing an investment case [version 1; peer review: 1 approved, 1 approved with reservations]. The Asia-Pacific region has made significant progress Background: against malaria, reducing cases and deaths by over 50% between 2010 and 2015. These gains have been facilitated in part, by strong political and financial commitment of governments and donors. However, funding gaps and persistent health system challenges threaten further progress. Achieving the regional goal of malaria elimination by 2030 will require an intensification of efforts and a plan for sustainable financing. This article presents an investment case for malaria elimination to facilitate these efforts. 
Lingual Deconstruction of Children's Poem in Persian and English Languages. Poetic sentences words are placed unlike other sentences, besides each other in a special way, so that their lingual role is not the tool-oriented one to transfer message to the audience, but have a higher role. The arrangement of lexical poetic in sentences is quite symbolic and deconstructive. The poets of any society create new and innovative sentences with disrupting the common structure of the language. Innovation of new sentences or words in any language is not exclusive for the adult's poems, and also the children poets, considering their range of audience, try to deconstruct certain words or sentences to generate innovations in the child's poetry language. In this article, it has been tried that the "content analysis" method is used. After noting down the relevant references, the author has strived to analyze the same. The achievement of this analysis is to examine the manner of deconstruction of words and sentences in Persian and English language concerning children's poem. 
The Case for an M2 Growth Rate of 10%. The recovery from the 2008-2009 recession has been much slower than the average recovery since the 1924 recession. As analysts who believe that the St. Louis model created by Leonall Andersen and Jerry Jordan still has relevance we believe that the slow rate of M2 growth since 2Q2009 is a major reason why GDP growth has been so slow. At the 9th Annual Missouri Economics Conference on March 27, 2009 we presented a paper, "Interwar Hoarding, Liquidity Traps, and the 2008 Solvency Trap" in which we recommended that the Federal Reserve attempt to maintain a 10% growth rate for M2 (or a growth rate of 6. 80% on an inflation adjusted basis similar to the 1960, 1970, 1982 recoveries) with the hope that the plan would lead to a real GDP growth rate of 7% with an inflation rate of 3%. The title of that paper indicates two other factors hindering both M2 and GDP growth. Bank hoarding of excess reserves far in excess of ratios seen in the 1930s put the US into a liquidity trap. But in 2008 this was not an ordinary trap. We tried to coin the term "solvency trap" to indicate our belief that, using mark to market accounting, the financial system was insolvent. As Reinhart and Rogoff have noted, recoveries from financial crises tend to be slower than those from ordinary recessions. Analyses of each downturn since 1922 are conducted along with what has happened after the economy bottomed in 2Q09 including money supply analysis. Three years have passed. We continue to believe our original recommendation was correct. 
A structural equation model of reputational risk in South Africa. The central function of a bank inherently exposes it to various financial risks where each of these risks has the possibility to influence stakeholders' perception. This perception, which is linked to the trustworthiness, credibility and performance of the bank, translates into the reputation of the bank. Depositors can be regarded as the main stakeholders of a bank and hence their behaviour can influence the reputational risk of the bank. With very limited research on reputational risk and depositor behaviour within the South African banking sector, the main purposes of this report was to provide a meaningful contribution toward literature and empirical analysis. Primary data was collected from 417 depositors in Gauteng, South Africa, using a self-structured questionnaire. Statistical techniques such as correlation and structural equation modelling were used in the statistical analysis. The SEM identified three variables that uniquely influences reputational risk in banks. Operational risk events, behavioural finance biases and depositors level of risk tolerance were found to influence reputational risk. These empirical findings will help banks to profile depositor behaviour during operational risk events in order to mitigate against large losses and possible bank runs. The structural model will enable banks to forecast the factors that will influence a banks reputation i. e. a banks most valuable intangible asset. This will, in turn, enable banks to come up with better mitigation and management strategies for reputational risk. 
Factors Affecting Online Impulse Buying: Evidence from Chinese Social Commerce Environment. First, the purpose of this analysis is to examine the impact of situational variables, scarcity and serendipity, on online impulse buying (OIB) in Chinese social commerce (SC) environment. Second, the study further assesses the moderating role of five dimensions of hedonic shopping value. Data were gathered from 671 online shoppers who come from two metropolitan cities of China, Beijing, and Shanghai. Structure equation modeling utilized was generated by AMOS 23 version to test the study hypotheses. The results confirm that situational factors positively influence the online impulse buying among Chinese online shoppers in SC environment. Four dimensions of hedonic shopping value (social shopping, relaxation shopping, adventure shopping and idea shopping) positively moderate the relationship between serendipity and OIB; value shopping is insignificant with moderation effect. The finding is helpful to the online retailers and SC web developers by recommending them to take the scarcity and serendipity in their consideration. These factors have the potential to motivate the consumers to initiate the hedonic shopping aptitude to urge to buy impulsively. Unlike the previous work which remained unsuccessful in incorporating all factors into one study, this analysis has incorporated irrational and unplanned consumption along with rational and planned one in the same research. 
Science for Trade-Offs Between Conflicting Interests in Future Forests. Forests deliver multiple ecosystem services to society. Management of forests must be able to deal with trade-offs when the delivery of different ecosystem services comes in conflict with each other. The research program Future Forests (http://www. futureforests. se) attempts to form a scientific basis for managing such trade-offs between conflicting interests in northern boreal forests. Some key characteristics of the research program are interdisciplinary and participatory research and a clear communication agenda for stakeholders. This report gives a brief overview of the underlying ideas behind the program, and an introduction to the papers published in this Special Issue. 
The effect of bank market power on economic growth in Africa: The role of institutions The effect of bank market power on economic growth in Africa: The role of institutions ABOUT THE AUTHOR. We provide empirical investigations into the role of political institutions in the bank market power-economic growth nexus using country-level data from 44 African countries from 2002 to 2015. We employed a dynamic GMM model to achieve the above objective. The results show that banks with market power in Africa induce economic growth. Also, institutional quality improvement causes positive economic growth and improves the degree with which banks with market power influence economic growth. The influence of institutional quality on economic growth, however, varies depending on specific institutional factors even when we differentiated the effect of the level of bank market power. In West Africa, banks with market power induce economic growth, but the less competitive nature in the banking environment of the other sub-regions discourages economic growth. The results call for policy directions that improve economic and political institutions towards improving effective intermediation in Africa. In West Africa, the Central Banks should come up with regulations targeting large banks with market power to channel funds into productive sectors. In other sub-regions, more competitive banking environments can harness financial resources into productivity growth. The implication is that, regulators and policymakers should implement sound institutional structures that would ensure tailor-made banking system structure to stimulate sustainable economic growth in Africa. 
Financial Studies A Study of Perfect Hedges. In this analysis, we attempt to identify the asset which has the best hedging characteristics against inflation. We study stock, bond, commodity, real estate and oil indexes. We also study these indexes tracking exchange traded funds (ETFs) to determine the most beneficial tradable asset in addition to the more theoretical index for inflation hedging. We find that, in our sample, oil is the best hedge against inflation, even though three in total are a good hedge-oil, gold and corn-with corn and oil being complete hedges, while gold is a partial hedge. Two assets have conflicting results depending on whether we examine the index or the ETF: the real estate index is a hedge, whereas real estate ETF is the opposite of a hedge. Similarly, the bond index is not related to inflation, whereas bond ETF is the opposite of a hedge. We find that stocks, soy and beef are not hedges against inflation. 
Research on Agri-Food Cold Chain Logistics Management Sys-tem: Connotation, Structure and Operational Mechanism. Along with the demand of development, this report will define agri-food cold chain logistics management system. It is a general term of management system, organization system, standard system, running mechanism, etc. According to the activities and characters of agri-food cold chain logistics, the content of agri-food cold chain logistics management system includes three levels of management activities. There are macro management and part of the industry management of the government-led agricultural cold chain logistics activity, industry management of industry association as the main body, and micro enterprise operation management of enterprise as the main body. In addition, this report will draw lessons from the city of agricultural products cold chain logistics management experience in the international, the main behavior of the logistics market, strengthen monitoring and early warning, strengthen the whole process, and make market access strictly and other key links have to be closely surrounded. Through improving agricultural products cold chain logistics management laws and regulations system, standard system, management system, testing system, certification system, technology supporting system, information service system, and establishing emergency mechanism and other agricultural products cold chain logistics security support system, government, industry, consumers, media, education and scientific research institutions and other relevant parties can take many aspects, many angles, many levels mutually supporting measures, in order to establish and improve the agricultural products cold chain logistics safety control system, and establish the whole process control system from farm to table, to ensure the safety of agricultural products cold chain logistics. 
What Are the Determinants of the Decision to Purchase Private Health Insurance in China?. The objective of this analysis was to assess the determinants of the decision to purchase private health insurance (PHI) in China. Nationally representative data from the fourth wave of the China Household Finance Survey from 2017 were used, and the dataset comprised 105,691 individuals aged 18 years or older. The Andersen health services utilization model was used to inform the research. Chi-square tests and logistic regression analyses were used to estimate the decision to purchase PHI. The proportion of the sample that had PHI was small, at 5. 06%, but coverage for social basic medical insurance (SBMI) was 90. 64%. Among PHI holders, the overwhelming majority (87. 40%) also had SBMI. Logistic regression analysis demonstrated that predisposing factors (age, education, marital status, household size), enabling factors (household income, SBMI status, geographical factors, household medical expense, and medical debt), and needs-based factors (health status) were statistically significant determinants of the decision to purchase PHI. This analysis suggests that the socio-economic circumstances of households play a crucial role in the decision to acquire PHI. The findings may be used by the insurance industry to inform actions to enhance PHI coverage and by policy decision-makers that seek to improve equality in access to PHI. 
Neutron-Star-Merger Equation of State. In this work, we discuss the dense matter equation of state (EOS) for the extreme range of conditions encountered in neutron stars and their mergers. The calculation of the properties of such an EOS involves modeling different degrees of freedom (such as nuclei, nucleons, hyperons, and quarks), taking into account different symmetries, and including finite density and temperature effects in a thermodynamically consistent manner. We begin by addressing subnuclear matter consisting of nucleons and a small admixture of light nuclei in the context of the excluded volume approach. We then turn our attention to supranuclear homogeneous matter as described by the Chiral Mean Field (CMF) formalism. Finally, we present results from realistic neutron-star-merger simulations performed using the CMF model that predict signatures for deconfinement to quark matter in gravitational wave signals. 
Background Fragmentation of medical care has become one of the main reasons for the inefficiency of medical delivery systems. Vertical integration of medical delivery systems (VIMDS) is a reform direction in the world. Managers' behavior toward profit distribution is an important factor that influences them to pursue the goal of VIMDS. We conducted a controlled economics experiment to explore decision-making by managers of medical institutions in respect of profits and what influences the distribution mechanism in VIMDS. 
238 Journal of Human Resource and Sustainability Studies Internal Marketing and Marketing Effectiveness of Hotel Industry in Rivers State Journal of Human Resource and Sustainability Studies. The purpose of this analysis was to empirically investigate how Internal Marketing relates with Marketing Effectiveness in the Hotel Industry in Rivers State. The target population of this analysis is the twenty hotels listed under the Best Port Harcourt, Rivers State Hotel Specials and Deals of Tripadvisor online. Since, our study is organization based, key informants from the twenty hotels in Port Harcourt Rivers State, Nigeria constituted the sample of this analysis. The three key informants are: Customer relationship manager, marketing manager, and, food and beverages manager giving a total of hundred and twenty-five respondents who were administered the copies of the questionnaire. Upon retrieval and data cleaning, 100 copies were subjected to Data analysis. Data analyses were aided by the use of SPSS version 20. 0 and hypotheses were tested using the Pearson Correlation Coefficient. After the data analysis, it was revealed that: Employee Job Satisfaction as a dimension of Internal Marketing relates very strongly and positively with Adequate Marketing Information, moderately and negatively with Customer Philosophy, and strongly and negatively with Adequate Strategic Orientation as measures of Marketing Effectiveness. We therefore concluded that there is a strong and positive relationship between Employee Job Satisfaction as a dimension of Internal Marketing and Adequate Marketing Information, moderate and negative relationship with Customer Philosophy and strong and negative relationship with Adequate Strategic Orientation as measures of Marketing Effectiveness. Based on the findings and conclusions we recommended that, in view of the fact that there exist a strong and positive relationship between Employee Job Satisfaction as a dimension of Internal Marketing and Adequate Marketing Information as a measure of Marketing Effectiveness, Hotel Industry in Rivers State should see that their physical facilities, equipment and communication materials are improved. 
The Draw-a-Family Picture Test (DAFPT): A New Projective Test for Children. The Draw-a-Family-Picture-Test (DAFPT) is a new projective test instrument developed to facilitate understanding of children. It comes with a guide for administration and interpretation. Evaluation of the test revealed that it is generally very fit for determining children's attitude, fears, needs, maturity level, stressors, gender tendencies and self-perception in relation to their family and significant others. Wide use of the instrument is therefore encouraged. Nonetheless, as the researcher believes that perfection can only be attained through time and modifications, it is suggested that this test be subjected for further study and necessary improvement if ever. 
Risk and Financial Management Ensemble Learning or Deep Learning? Application to Default Risk Analysis. Proper credit-risk management is essential for lending institutions, as substantial losses can be incurred when borrowers default. Consequently, statistical methods that can measure and analyze credit risk objectively are becoming increasingly important. This analysis analyzes default payment data and compares the prediction accuracy and classification ability of three ensemble-learning methods-specifically, bagging, random forest, and boosting-with those of various neural-network methods, each of which has a different activation function. The results obtained indicate that the classification ability of boosting is superior to other machine-learning methods including neural networks. It is also found that the performance of neural-network models depends on the choice of activation function, the number of middle layers, and the inclusion of dropout. 
In SciRes (www. SRPublishing. org/journal/jssm ) What are the Benefits of Continued Purchasing through the Internet? A Study of South Korean Consumers. Since keeping the customer purchasing a product/service is essential to maintaining the profitability of any business, the continuance of purchasing through the Internet is vital to online business. This analysis is one of the few attempts to investigate the perceived benefit factors affecting customers' intention to continue purchasing through the Internet. According to a multiple regression analysis of online questionnaires filled out by 998 online customers in South Korea, extrinsic benefits measured in terms of time and money savings as well as intrinsic benefits measured in terms of pleasure, novelty, and fashion involvement have strong effects on the repurchase intention. Our findings indicate that customer retention must be promoted in Internet shopping by guaranteeing not only extrinsic benefits but also intrinsic benefits. This analysis discusses the relevant techniques of providing those benefits to customers and guidelines for future research. 
Illiquidity and the Risk of Stock Market Crash. This report aims to study the impact of illiquidity on the risk of stock market crashes. Through empirical research on daily and weekly data of the Shanghai Composite Index, it is found that high liquidity can relieve the risk of stock market crash. For this reason, this article proposes to establish a stock market liquidity monitoring and early warning mechanisms, rationally control market leverage, and strengthen supervision of hot money. 
Online Tax Filing-E-Government Service Adoption Case of Vietnam. In this report, we proposed a new model, which integrates two famous technology adoption models, the unified theory of acceptance and use of technology (UTAUT) model with Information system success model (IS success) to explanatory model of e-filing adoption. In particular, this analysis involved actual taxpayer (N = 156) of specific users of e-filing system to examine the structural relationships among factors of: performance expectancy, effort expectancy, social influence, information quality, system quality, service quality, and intention to use by using SPSS 20. The results of this research show that e-filing intention to use of Vietnamese taxpayers is influenced by both six factors of the model. Hence, the conceptual model has served as a useful framework for academicians and government policy decision makers to evaluate and improve the e-filing system (e-government service) in Vietnam. 
Data on Children Involved and the Social Costs Related to the Phenomenon of Maltreatment and Ill-Treatment towards Children in Italy. This short paper refers to the social cost of child maltreatment in Italy. The cost of child violence is about 13. 056 billion Euros per year, equivalent to 0. 84% of National GDP. Direct costs amount to 338. 6 million Euros, while indirect costs amount to 12. 7 billion Euros. The new cases of maltreatment cost 910 million Euros each year. The paper discusses the data on cases of child violence and the related social costs in Italy, comparing its with International ones. 
Stakeholder Valuing: A Process for Identifying the Interrelationships between Firm and Stakeholder Attributes. As firms are creating and recreating themselves as stakeholder corporations, tensions mount between a firm's fiduciary duties to its shareholders and the broader responsibilities inherent in a stakeholder focus. Firms have employed several techniques to help resolve this tension with limited success. We suggest that the next step in reducing this tension is formally accounting for stakeholder value through changes in financial reporting. We contend that stakeholders have a financial value to the firm that can and should be accounted for through the firm's financial reporting system. We propose a three-step process we call stakeholder valuing (SV) to begin a conversation regarding how such a method can be created. SV begins with codifying the firm's identity as a stakeholder entity, moves to assessing stakeholder value that's consistent with that identity, and concludes with accounting for and reporting that value. What we are suggesting will be seen by some as a radical change in accounting practices but we believe it is necessary as we move toward a consistent, reliable, verifiable, transparent, and comparable means of accounting for the true value of a stakeholder corporation. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Brexit and Uncertainty in Financial Markets. This report applies long-memory techniques (both parametric and semi-parametric) to examine whether Brexit has led to any significant changes in the degree of persistence of the FTSE (Financial Times Stock Index) 100 Implied Volatility Index (IVI) and of the British pound's implied volatilities (IVs) vis-a-vis the main currencies traded in the FOREX (foreign exchange market), namely the euro, the US dollar and the Japanese yen. We split the sample to compare the stochastic properties of the series under investigation before and after the Brexit referendum, and find an increase in the degree of persistence in all cases except for the British pound-yen IV, whose persistence has declined after Brexit. These findings highlight the importance of completing swiftly the negotiations with the European Union (EU) to achieve an appropriate Brexit deal. 
Constituents and Consequences of Online-Shopping in Sustainable E-Business: An Experimental Study of Online-Shopping Malls. With the growth of the internet, electronic (online) business has become an important trend in the economy. This analysis investigates how retailers could enhance their shopping processes and hence help sustain their e-business development. Therefore, we propose a unified information system-consumer behavior (IS-CB) model for online shopping to analyze factors that impact online shopping. We used an online survey to gather data from 633 online customers to test the theoretical model, matching differences using structural equation modeling. Highly influencing factors for the IS-CB online shopping model included perceived value (PV), perceived risk (PR), social factors (SF), perceived ease of use (PEOU), perceived usefulness (PU), online shopping intention, trust, online shopping experience, actual online shopping purchases, entertainment gratification (EG), website irritation (WI), information design (ID), visual design (VD), and navigation design (ND). This analysis provides important theoretical and practical implications. PV and trust in online shopping can nurture positive attitudes and shopping intentions among online customers. Well-designed websites produce higher levels of trust and reduced WI. Similarly, online shopping sites with better ID, ND, and VD also reduce WI and increase trust. This analysis fills gaps in previous studies relating to IS and CB and provides explanations for IS and CB constituent impacts on acceptance and use of online shopping. The proposed unified IS-CB explains consumer online shopping patterns for a sustainable e-business. 
Keywords. Under the impact of the epidemic and policy responses, China's economy in 2020 is expected to maintain a "low rebound and overall soundness". However, as a major public health event, the long-term impact of COVID-19 on China's economy should not be ignored. On the basis of confirming preventive savings at the micro level, this report uses the macro neoclassical economic growth model to point out that COVID-19 epidemic may promote China's savings rate to increase the potential output level in the medium and long term. However, given the continued downturn in the global economy, a rebound in China's savings rate may exacerbate the global economic imbalance. Therefore, the Chinese government needs to make a good plan to strengthen international cooperation while actively encouraging consumption to stimulate domestic demand. 
Recent transition of medical cost and relapse rate of multiple sclerosis in Japan based on analysis of a health insurance claims database CURRENT STATUS: ACCEPTED SUBJECT AREAS 2 Internal Medicine Specialties. Background In this analysis, we aimed to understand the trends in total and itemized medical expenses, especially of disease-modifying therapy (DMT), for multiple sclerosis (MS) in Japan through an analysis of health insurance claims data. Methods We analyzed a database containing health insurance claims data from hospitals that have adopted the Diagnosis Procedure Combination/Per-Diem Payment System in Japan. According to an algorithm based on diagnosis codes, data for all patients diagnosed with MS from April 2008 to July 2016 were extracted. Medical costs, rate of each medical treatment, and rate of relapses were analyzed by calendar-year. Medical costs in the month of relapse were compared with average medical costs per month of all MS patients by a cross-sectional analysis. Results 4,374 MS patients were identified in the database. Total medical cost per patient per month (PPPM) increased from \87,640 (US$787. 7 or EUR723. 0 as of May 2017) to \102,846 (US$924. 4 or EUR848. 4) during the study period. This increment was mainly attributed to the growth in cost of outpatient DMT prescriptions, which increased from \23,039 (US$207. 1 or EUR190. 1) to \51,351 (US$461. 5 or EUR423. 6). In contrast, the rate of hospitalizations and relapses PPPM decreased during the study period (from 0. 053 to 0. 030, and 0. 032 to 0. 019, respectively). Medical costs in the month of relapse (\424,661, US$3816. 8 or EUR3503. 1) were 3. 57 times higher than the average monthly costs for all MS patients (\119,021, US$1069. 8 or EUR981. 8), with the majority comprising hospitalization cost. 
The Relationship between Non-financial Reporting, Environmental Strategies and Financial Performance. Empirical Evidence from Milano Stock Exchange. The CSR theme has taken on an increasingly central role within financial markets. In fact, the last decade has been characterized by a rapid development of "socially responsible" investment, conventionally known as SRI. In this sense, an increasing number of listed firms have reported their non-financial information to the purpose to favor the interaction with their stakeholders. The relevance of these information tools stems from the need to protect investors against companies operating through greenwashing mechanisms. The aim of this research is to assess the effect of CSR on financial economic performance. As already happened within similar studies concerning economic entities different from Italy, the study assesses how the ability to generate income, and, thus, to distribute value towards the shareholder, are influenced by the orientation of companies in the field of sustainability accounting and the aptitude to check the environmental risk associated with the exercise of business activity. 
Government Subsidies, Financial Structure and R&D investment: Evidence from Chinese SMEs. This report studies the influence of government subsidies and financing structure on corporate R&D investments by using the empirical data of Chinese enterprises listed in SME board. The study finds that: 1) Internal financing has the greatest effect on R&D investments, followed by debt financing and equity financing. 2) Both government subsidies and corporate financing can significantly influence corporate R&D investments. 3) Government subsidies have a significant moderating effect on the relationship between corporate financing and R&D investments, that is, the more government subsidies the small and medium-sized enterprises receive, the more willing they are to invest funds from other financing channels into R&D activities. In the further sample test, it is also find that government subsidies have a greater effect on the promotion of R&D investments in non-state-owned enterprises than in state-owned enterprises. 
Optimization of ZnO Nanorod-Based Surface Enhanced Raman Scattering Substrates for Bio-Applications. Nanorods based on ZnO for surface enhanced Raman spectroscopy are promising for the non-invasive and rapid detection of biomarkers and diagnosis of disease. However, optimization of nanorod and coating parameters is essential to their practical application. With the goal of establishing a baseline for early detection in biological applications, gold-coated ZnO nanorods were grown and coated to form porous structures. Prior to gold deposition, the grown nanorods were 30-50 nm in diameter and 500-600 nm in length. Gold coatings were grown on the nanorod structure to a series of thicknesses between 100 and 300 nm. A gold coating of 200 nm was found to optimize the Rhodamine B model analyte signal, while performance for rat urine depended on the biomarkers to be detected. These results establish design guidelines for future use of Au-ZnO nanorods in the study and early diagnosis of inflammatory diseases. 
Microhabitat selection and communal nesting in the insular Psychedelic Rock Gecko, Cnemaspis psychedelica, in Southern Vietnam with updated information on trade Launched to accelerate biodiversity conservation. The Psychedelic Rock Gecko, Cnemaspis psychedelica, was described in 2010 and certainly belongs to the most spectacular gecko discoveries worldwide. The species is endemic to two small offshore islands in Rach Gia Bay. Its striking colour pattern makes the species highly attractive for the international pet market. The existent Cnemaspis population is negatively affected by habitat degradation and predation by introduced macaques. We herein provide the first characterisation of microhabitat selection of this species, including seasonal variation on Hon Khoai and Hon Tuong islands, Ca Mau Province, Vietnam. We found that characteristics of the selected microhabitat, such as substrate type, temperature and canopy cover slightly differed between the wet and dry seasons. We also demonstrated age-related differences in the selection of perch heights. Communal nesting was, for the first time, reported for C. psychedelica, as well as natural predation by a snake species (Lycodon capucinus). In addition, we documented ongoing habitat destruc-A peer-reviewed open-access journal Hai Ngoc Ngo et al. / Nature Conservation 31: 1-16 (2018) 2 tion on Hon Khoai Island and recorded illegal trade of live Psychedelic Rock Geckos for the first time on local pet markets in both northern and southern Vietnam. Our findings highlight the need for improved conservation measures in order to reduce anthropogenic impacts on wild populations of C. psychedelica. 
Control Strategy for a Fractional-Order Chaotic Financial Model. In this article, based on the previous works, a new fractional-order financial model is put up. The chaotic behavior of the fractionalorder financial model is suppressed by designing an appropriate controller. By choosing the delay as the bifurcation parameter, we establish the sufficient condition to guarantee the stability and the existence of Hopf bifurcation of fractional-order financial model. Also, the influence of the delay and the fractional order on the stability and the existence of Hopf bifurcation of fractionalorder financial model is revealed. An example is given to confirm the effectiveness of the analysis results. The main findings of this article play an important role in maintaining economic stability. 
Orchestrating institutional complexity and performance management in the performing arts. This report investigates the integration between institutional complexity and performance management in the field of performing arts. 
Optimal Foreign Exchange Risk Hedging: A Mean Variance Portfolio Approach. This report introduces the optimal foreign exchange risk hedging model following a standard portfolio theory. The results indicate that a lower level of risk can be achieved, given a specified level of expected return, from using optimization modeling. In the paper the expected hedging return is defined from the expected cost of the foreign currency using a specified hedging strategy minus the expected cost of the foreign currency when it is purchased form the spot market. The focal point of the technique is its ability to identify optimal combinations of hedging vehicles, those are currency options, forward contracts, leaving the position open (foreign exchange risk hedging tools suggested by the US. Department of Commerce) in a closed form. 
Risk and Financial Management A Hypothesis Test Method for Detecting Multifractal Scaling, Applied to Bitcoin Prices. Multifractal processes reproduce some of the stylised features observed in financial time series, namely heavy tails found in asset returns distributions, and long-memory found in volatility. Multifractal scaling cannot be assumed, it should be established; however, this is not a straightforward task, particularly in the presence of heavy tails. We develop an empirical hypothesis test to identify whether a time series is likely to exhibit multifractal scaling in the presence of heavy tails. The test is constructed by comparing estimated scaling functions of financial time series to simulated scaling functions of both an iid Student t-distributed process and a Brownian Motion in Multifractal Time (BMMT), a multifractal processes constructed in Mandelbrot et al. (1997). Concavity measures of the respective scaling functions are estimated, and it is observed that the concavity measures form different distributions which allow us to construct a hypothesis test. We apply this method to test for multifractal scaling across several financial time series including Bitcoin. We observe that multifractal scaling cannot be ruled out for Bitcoin or the Nasdaq Composite Index, both technology driven assets. 
Alternative Theories, Pedagogy and Education for Fostering Creativity in a Diverse Global World. Fostering creativity and social responsibility in children and youth are essential for more effectively addressing society's most pressing problems. This article proposes alternative pedagogy and methods for fostering creativity and enhancing teaching and learning for creativity. It emphasizes the importance of connecting the goals of teaching creative education to the broader goal of education for social and global responsibility. Two schools attempting to implement the latter are described. 
Implementation of Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework in Enhancing Business Performances in Oil and Gas Sector. This analysis empirically investigated the ERM Implementation model and proposed framework to identify and manage risks in Oil and Gas Sector in Malaysia. The study examined the role of ERM framework implementation in improving business performance by utilizing Economic Value Added as a measurement tool. The study also provides insights to the Oil and Gas Sector to gain higher profit returns, reduce cost of capital, and improve shareholders value. Moreover, it contributes significantly in the field of Enterprise risk management in Malaysia. The identification and management of risk is significant to organizations in managing risks efficiently. Expectations of stakeholders of the organization are high from executives and board of directors in managing the risk effectively. Linear regression analysis is utilized in analyzing the data obtained from the data collection performed for this report. Purposive sampling has been employed in order to select the firms that are operating in Malaysian oil and gas sector. Primary data has been utilized to collect data with the help of structured questions and interview techniques that involve semi structured questions. The results of the regression analysis conducted for in this analysis suggested that a significant and positive relationship between Enterprise Risk Management with operational risk; market risk; political risk; health, safety and environmental risk; and, also business performance. 
Rationality Parameter for Exercising American Put. In this report, irrational exercise behavior of the buyer of an American put is characterized by a single parameter. We model irrational exercise rules as the first jump time of a point processes with stochastic intensity. By the rationality parameter, we parameterize a family of stochastic intensities that depends on the value of the put itself. We present a probabilistic proof that the value of the American put using the irrational exercise rule converges to the arbitrage-free price as the rationality parameter converges to infinity. Another application of this result is the penalty method for approximating the price of an American put. 
The development of e-commerce infrastructure in modern conditions. The article explores the e-commerce infrastructure. The factors that influence the development of e-commerce are highlighted. The relevance of the role of e-commerce in the world economy is gaining its importance and the use of electronic virtual tools in modern conditions has shown the result of the experience of developed countries which brings efficiency to any country or industry. It is proved that for the application of effective methods of e-commerce development it begins with the construction of its infrastructure, which contains factors affecting the development of this industry. The study also examines the trend and prospects for the development of electronic commerce in Kazakhstan. The dynamics of foreign countries is shown. The e-commerce development tools are considered, some problems of the development of the e-commerce infrastructure are identified and ways to solve them are proposed. 
Relationships among Purchase Intentions for Luxury Brands and Personality Traits Based on the Big Five. Fujiwara and Nagasawa [1] verified differences in the degree of effect of the four psychological factors 1 that constituted Japanese people's preference for luxury brands 2 on the development of purchase intentions for luxury food and car brands 3. This analysis is related to the study mentioned above and verifies the effects of consumers' personality traits on purchase intentions for these luxury brands. It uses a personality trait classification method called the "Big Five personality traits" to perform an empirical analysis of the way that the five dimensions of personality traits 4 influence purchase intentions for each brand. As a result, it suggests 1) that the purchase intentions of emotionally unstable consumers with a high dimension of Neuroticism for FERRARI and PORSCHE are significantly lower than those with a low dimension of Neuroticism and 2) that the purchase intentions of consumers who are highly devoted to art and have a high dimension of Openness to Experience for DOM PERIGNON, FERRARI, ROLLS-ROYCE and PORSCHE are significantly higher than those with a low dimension of Openness to Experience. 
AN ECONOMIC MODEL OF STUDENT LEARNING. We develop a dynamic economic model based on contemporary understanding of learning and motivation. The model and resulting comparative static analysis show the instructor's role in providing a productive learning environment. Instructors should set the complexity of course assignments and assessments to be consistent with student preparedness. Learning is enhanced when the rate of change in challenge is based on the rate of change of how rapidly students are learning. Instructors steer students toward a productive trajectory with tasks that cause students to work hard and by consistently providing feedback and fostering a culture of learning. 
A Cognitive Reserve and Social Support-Focused Latent Class Analysis to Predict Self-Reported Confusion or Memory Loss among Middle-Aged World Trade Center Health Registry Enrollees. The World Trade Center Health Registry includes 9/11 survivors who have been surveyed about their health conditions over time. The prevalence of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) remains high among the cohort and is a risk factor for cognitive impairment or dementia. We thus sought to examine the degree to which confusion or memory loss (CML)-potential symptoms of cognitive decline-are occurring among enrollees aged 35-64 years. Cognitive reserve theory suggests that higher levels of education and engaging in cognitively challenging activities can create stronger neural connections, offering protection against cognitive decline. We hypothesized that enrollees with less cognitive reserve would be more likely to report CML. In this analysis, we: (1) estimated the incidence of CML in our study sample; (2) identified indicators of cognitive reserve (e. g. , indicators of educational attainment, social support); and (3) determined whether CML is associated with cognitive reserve level, stratified by PSTD status. First, we described demographics of the study sample (n = 14,574) and probable PTSD status, also stratifying by CML. Next, we conducted a latent class analysis on two groups: those with probable PTSD and those without probable PTSD, creating classes with varying cognitive reserve levels. Finally, using adjusted log binomial models, we predicted risk of CML based on cognitive reserve level. The probable PTSD group (n = 1213) and not probable PTSD group (n = 13,252) each had four latent classes: low, medium-low, medium-high, and high cognitive reserve. In the probable PTSD model, compared to the high cognitive reserve class, those with medium-low cognitive reserve were 35% more likely to report CML (relative risk (RR) = 1. 4, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1. 1, 1. 7). Among the not probable PTSD group, those with low and medium levels of cognitive reserve were significantly more likely to report CML (RR = 1. 8 and 1. 4, respectively). Overall, those with less cognitive reserve were more likely to report CML regardless of PTSD status. 
Ensuring Effectiveness of Economic and Monetary Policies through Considering Economic Schools of Thought: Lebanon 1990-2010. Decision makers and executives should have a macroeconomic approach in planning and fixing economic and monetary policies for their countries. A national economy should be considered as a system including three interdependent markets: Financial market, Labor market, and Goods and Services market. Any attempt to practice an economic or monetary policy emphasizing on one or two of these markets and neglecting the third will lead to public debts, high unemployment and/or inflation rates. This neglect will also increase the financial crises risk especially for developing countries. These developing countries are suffering from being not able to apply liberal policies, compete in the international multilateral trade system, and benefit from globalization. Why Lebanese government is still insisting on applying liberal policies, high tax rate, low government expenses and investments, fixed exchange rate, and high interest rate? Is it reasonable and possible to have a developed financial market with bank deposits equaling three times the Lebanese GDP, and at the same time, a very weak labor and goods and services markets characterized by 18% unemployment rate and a very low consumers' purchasing power? How does Lebanon have a huge public debt equaling twice its national GDP and be considered by the IMF as the fourth country in economic growth progression in the region? Why not considering Mundell's incompatibility triangle and Kaldor's magic square to analyze this critical economic situation? Is switching from a currency board to a forward-looking crawling PEG one of the factors to break this vicious circle?
Gender, Political Connection, and Tax Avoidance in China. This report investigates whether female chief executive officers (CEOs) perform different level of tax avoidance behavior compared with male CEOs in China. We further examine whether female CEOs with political background/connection can transform the relation between gender and tax avoidance behavior. Using the total book-tax differences and permanent book-tax differences to measure the level of tax avoidance behavior following prior studies, we find that Chinese female CEOs perform the same level of tax avoidance behavior relative to their male counterparts. In addition, we find significant evidence that female CEOs with political background tend to conduct more tax avoidance activities relative to those female CEOs without political relation. These results are in contrast to a traditional western viewpoint that female managers have a higher risk aversion attitude. China is still under developed, let along with issues incorporating tax avoidance. We examine whether gender differences exist in tax avoidance decisions at a top managerial rank under the largest planned economy. In contrast to western societies, this report is embedded in socialist/Marxist feminism theoretical foundations and communistic politics to hypothesize that female CEOs do not engage less tax avoidance activities compared with male CEOs in China (detailed discussions presented in Section 2). Few women in corporate leadership have become an increasingly important issue internationally. Many governments across the world are in the process of developing actions to promote and/or mandate increased female representation on corporate boards. 1 In the US, 16. 6% of Fortune 500 company directors are women in 2012 [1]. That is up from 13. 6% in 2003, but the upward slope has flatlined for the past seven years [2]. In Australia, women hold 12. 3% of directorships in the ASX 200 and only 9. 2% in the ASX 500 [3]. In the EU, average number of women on boards is 11. 7% which is up by 21% compared to 2008 [4]. 
Bai-Perron Estimates of OECD Natural Rates of Unemploy-ment. Bai and Perron's method for detecting multiple, unknown structural breaks was used to estimate natural rates of unemployment for 19 OECD countries from 1955-2011. Natural rates were lowest in the early period, then, rose in the mid-1970s and early-1980s in most countries. Several countries saw declines in the late-1990s or early-2000s. 
Modelling Monetary and Fiscal Governance in the Wake of the Sovereign Debt Crisis in Europe. This report analyzes different government debt relief programs in the European Monetary Union. I build a model and study different options ranging from debt relief to the European Stability Mechanism (ESM). The analysis reveals the following: First, patient countries repay debt, while impatient countries more likely consume and default. Second, without ESM loans, indebted countries default anyway. Third, if the probability to be an impatient government is high, then the supply of loans is constrained. In general, sustainable and unsustainable governments should be incentivized differently especially in a supranational monetary union. Finally, I develop policy recommendations for the ongoing debate in the Eurozone. 
Stable Value Funds Performance +. Little in the scholarly economics literature is directed specifically to the performance of stable value funds, although they occupy a leading place among retirement investment vehicles. They are currently offered in more than one-third of all defined contribution plans in the USA, with more than $800 billion of assets under management. This report rigorously examines their performance throughout the entire period since their inception in 1973. We produce a composite index of stable value returns. We next conduct mean-variance analysis, Sharpe and Sortino ratio analysis, stochastic dominance analysis, and optimal multi-period portfolio composition analysis. Our evidence suggests that stable value funds dominate (on average) two major asset classes based on a historical analysis, and that they often occupy a significant position in optimized portfolios across a broad range of risk aversion levels. We discuss factors that contributed to stable value funds' past performance and whether they can continue to perform well into the future. We also discuss considerations regarding whether or not to include stable value as an element in target date funds within defined contribution pension plans. 
Research of Chinese Government Financial Reform Based on the Comparisons of Advanced Budget Management Modes. Finance is the basis of national administration and an important pillar; scientific fiscal and taxation systems can optimize the allocation of resources, maintain market unity, promote social fairness, and achieve long-term stability of system security state. In this report, through studying related official documents of government financial reform, I put forward my own views on the location of fiscal functions; studying the advanced budget management system of China and foreign countries can provide direction and reference suggestions for the reform of local government financial departments. This article provides a good advice and a theoretical basis to the modern financial reform which is about to begin. 
Critiquing Construct Validity in World City Network Research: Moving from Office Location Networks to Inter-Organizational Projects in the Modeling of Intercity Business Flows. The interlocking world city network model and other office location approaches (OLAs) have become the most widely used empirical models of the world city network (WCN). Despite numerous methodological improvements, they continue to rely on a legacy of using data on office locations of firms to indirectly estimate intercity business flows. To advance the dialogue about how to improve on existing empirical models of the WCN, we examine the content, construct and structural validity of OLAs. We analyze the link between the theoretical construct of intercity business flows and network projections obtained from office location data and uncover evidence that calls into question the validity of OLAs as empirical models of the WCN. In the spirit of no deconstruction without reconstruction, we then develop an alternative empirical model of the WCN, based on directly observable relational ties among APS firms, which are formed through co-production of complex services. We call this the inter-organizational project approach (IOPA). We argue for IOPA's construct validity as an empirical model of the WCN and offer empirical evidence for its structural validity. We demonstrate it using a global sample of 161,114 investment bank syndicates in the 2000-2015 period. 
Learning Mode and Strategic Concept for the 4th Industrial Revolution. Compared to information technology (IT) revolutions, which are characterized by disruptive innovations, the innovations required for the 4th Industrial Revolution will be characterized by the cumulativeness of the innovations. Therefore, we will need new modes of technological learning and new strategic concepts. The IT revolution can be divided into two parts: system integration and component supplying. Notice that all IT giants such as Apple and Google emerged only after Intel emerged as the dominant microprocessor unit (MPU) supplier. Therefore, we can ascertain that Intel emerged as a dominant MPU supplier by accommodating the different specifications made by Japanese customers in different industrial sectors. Thus, we will come to the concept of learning-by-accommodation as the dominant learning mode of IT module supplying, while the aforementioned IT giants implemented the mode of learning-by integration. The 4th Industrial Revolution will be characterized by technological evolutions rather than by disruptive innovations. They can be also decomposed into module supplying and the system integration. As to the mode of learning in the modules, we will find that the mode of learning will be prevalent in the same manner as IT module supplying, but in a more pre-emptive way. As for the feedback loops of the system integration, we will divide them into edge computing and the overall system solution. As for the edge solution, it is possible for latecomers to make a leapfrogging. In this context, we will make an analysis on the Chinese development of the "capacitor trolley bus" and come to a totally different mode of learning in the edge solution. We will name this mode "learning-by-porting", using the terminology derived from the analysis of the design rules of a modular structure. By assuming that an overall feedback loop consists of a hierarchical structured collection of edge solutions, we can conclude that the overall solution is developed by multiple applications of the learning-by-porting of edge solutions. Additionally, the total system is a hierarchical structure, thus, a strategy toward the realization of the 4th industrial revolution will be a multilayered porting strategy. 
Research on Policy Regulation and Realization Path of Ningxia's Construction of All-for-One Tourism Demonstration Zone. Located at the key spot of the construction of the Silk Road Economic Belt, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region has abundant natural and cultural resources with relatively small area and small population, and tourism here plays an important role in local economic development. As China vigorously promoted the construction of tourism throughout the nation, the local government actively responded to the call of the state and successfully became the second state-level all-for-one tourism demonstration zone on a province basis, and finally achieved some decent results. In order to summarize the experience on tourism policy of Ningxia, by introducing Nvivo implementation analysis tool, this report analyzes and summarizes a series of policy documents for the construction of demonstration zone in Ningxia. According to the specific requirements in the Guideline on the Development of All-for-One Tourism released by the State Council, the article encodes the specific policy measures for Ningxia's development and establishes a node system, pointing out that Ningxia's policy measures are consistent with the ones formulated at the national level. On this basis, taking the Xixia District of Yinchuan in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region as an example, the paper analyzes its specific measures and effects of developing regional tourism, and discusses the policy regulation and implementation path that means taking planning and guidance seriously, emphasizing concrete implementation, promoting industrial integration, and paying close attention to tourism supervision. 
Ghost Culture, Face Culture and Illusion of Demand-A Cultural Perspective of Pension Real Estate. The aging of the population and the continuous development of the real estate industry have brought about the rise of pension real estate. Nowadays, the academic and real estate enterprises have passion for pension real estate and do a lot of discussions. However, in fact, the study of China's pension real estate theory is still in its infancy, the practice has been stalled. From the traditional culture point of view, Chinese ghost culture and face culture affect the effective demand of the pension real estate. For the elderly, the elderly live together; the death of an elderly person will cause fear, then affecting physical and mental health. For sons and daughters, few of them will send their parents to pension institutions because of concept of saving face whether the sons and daughters are rich or not. This cultural conflict is the cause of China's pension real estate in trouble. Therefore, for the development of pension real estate, we must take into account the unique cultural background of China, and take the localization of the road. 
Public-Private or Master-Servant? Examining the Implementation of the Serious Disease Insurance Scheme in China. China's Serious Disease Insurance Scheme (SDIS) was set up to relieve the financial burdens on serious disease patients. It is a crucial part of the national basic medical insurance scheme, which is regarded as one of the largest government-funded social security programs in the world. The most significant institutional innovation of the SDIS is that the approach of a public-private partnership (PPP) is applied in an attempt to facilitate the efficiency of its implementation. The objective of this report is to evaluate the implementation of the SDIS in China through PPPs, and to identify the problems to be tackled if the Chinese government intends to make such a plan work better for the majority of urban and rural residents. With the effective support from local officials and practitioners, the authors of this report collected copies of SDIS contracts of multiple cities in Guangdong, one of the most developed provinces of China. Guided by a research framework drawn from the PPP literature, details of contract enforcement were also examined. The authors discovered that the role of local states is rather dominant; they have manipulated contract drafting and implementation. Additionally, current mechanisms for profit sharing, risk sharing, and information exchange have placed insurance companies in a rather disadvantageous situation. To achieve the sustainable development of the SDIS, the authors suggest that a further reform on implementation of a PPP must be pushed forward. 
Numerical Study on the Optimization of Roll-to-Roll Ultraviolet Imprint Lithography. Roll-to-roll ultraviolet (R2R-UV) imprinting is a low-cost and high-throughput method that includes the manufacturing of large-area functional films. However, the quality of the final product is obstructed by the bubble entrapment during the imprinting process. In this analysis, a multi-phase volume of fluid (VOF) numerical model was used to remove bubble entrapment during the R2R imprinting process, which covered all parameters. This new modified numerical model with open-channel boundary conditions was based on the single zone that contains the direct contact of UV resin with the imprinting mold during the filling process. In addition, this model simulated the UV resin filling into microcavities at the preceding and succeeding ends of the imprinting mold. Different patterns of imprinting mold were considered to enhance the fidelity of R2R-UV imprinting for the comprehensive analysis. The experimental results validated through numerical simulations revealed that the bubble entrapment can be controlled by varying various parameters such as speed of the imprinting system, viscosity, contact angles, and pattern shape. The proposed model may be useful for a continuous bubble-free R2R imprinting process in industrial applications that includes flexible displays and micro/nano-optics. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Bank Credit and Housing Prices in China: Evidence from a TVP-VAR Model with Stochastic Volatility. Housing prices in China have been rising rapidly in recent years, which is a cause for concern for China's housing market. Does bank credit influence housing prices? If so, how? Will the housing prices affect the bank credit system if the market collapses? We aim to study the dynamic relationship between housing prices and bank credit in China from the second quarter of 2005 to the fourth quarter of 2017 by using a time-varying parameter vector autoregression (VAR) model with stochastic volatility. Furthermore, we study the relationships between housing prices and housing loans on the demand side and real estate development loans on the supply side, separately. Finally, we obtain several findings. First, the relationship between housing prices and bank credit shows significant time-varying features; second, the mutual effects of housing prices and bank credit vary between the demand side and supply side; third, influences of housing prices on all kinds of bank credit are stronger than influences in the opposite direction. 
Changing Patterns of Global Agri-Food Trade and the Economic Efficiency of Virtual Water Flows. International agri-food trade has expanded rapidly during the past decades and changed considerably in structure with important implications, especially for developing economies. One of the main environmental concerns regarding international trade is the exploitation and redistribution of water resources. In this report, we use the virtual water approach for analyzing the relationship between global agri-food trade, its structure and virtual water flows in the period of 1986-2011. Specifically, for five regions and the world, we calculate growth rates of interregional trade values and virtual water volumes, the contribution of different product groups to trade and the economic water efficiency of imports and exports. Our findings show that, over time, trade values have generally increased more rapidly than virtual water volumes. In Africa and Southern America, virtual water outflows have roughly quadrupled since 1986. In all regions, staples and industrial products account for the largest share in virtual water trade. The recent shift towards high-value exports is beneficial for low-income countries from a regional economic water efficiency perspective due to high trade values and low associated virtual water volumes. Economic water efficiency of trade has increased in all regions since 2000 and the return to virtual water outflows is especially high in Europe. 
Connecting financialization and urbanization: the changing financial ecology of urban infrastructure in the UK Connecting financialization and urbanization: the changing financial ecology of urban infrastructure in the UK. This report discusses a conceptual model for critically engaging with the effects of financialization on contemporary cities. The current state of theory on financialization in the urban context focuses foremost on the real estate sector activities, regulatory frameworks and governance structures that enable urban financialization. The paper addresses the calls for a closer examination of the spatial patterns that emerge from these practices. By combining financial ecologies as an analytical tool with infrastructure as a perspective, it provides a conceptual model in order to understand the impacts of financialization on cities. The paper discusses the conceptual model in the context of the introduction of the UK Municipal Bonds Agency. It concludes by outlining some of the spatial effects of the UK's changing financial ecology of urban infrastructure. 
Comparison of Farm Structures, Success Factors, Obstacles, Clients' Expectations and Policy Wishes of Urban Farming's Main Business Models in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Low-cost specialization, differentiation, and diversification are common business models of urban farms in developed countries. Similarities and differences between them as well as detailed insights into specific farm characteristics are widely absent in scientific discourses. This report compares farm structures, success factors, obstacles, clients' expectations, and policy wishes between specialized, differentiated, and diversified farms as well as diversifiers into agriculture. A standardized questionnaire was used for 21 personal in-depth farm interviews located in metropolitan areas of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Being located in a metropolitan area is the most often named Unique Selling Proposition (USP). This is also mentioned as most important success factor followed by sociability and personal contact to clients, which both underpin the importance of direct producer-consumer linkages in urban settings. Additionally, it is assumed that a single food criterion is not sufficient to be successful, but several have to be merged to meet clients' expectations. In terms of marketing, differentiated and diversified farmers prefer a multi-channel approach, while specialized farmers and diversifiers into agriculture focus mainly on one specific channel. While both specialized farmers and diversifiers into agriculture cultivate smaller areas of farmland, the latter one offers the greatest number of jobs including those outside agricultural production. The findings obtained are expected to support farms and agricultural advisory services in individual decision making of future business development strategies and increase knowledge of urban farming's main business models. 
Trade Openness and Carbon Emissions: Evidence from Belt and Road Countries. The search for a green and low-carbon economy has been a guide to current energy and environmental research. Using current panel cointegration approaches, our study examines the interaction between trade and an environmental pollution proxy of carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) emissions by integrating economic growth and energy usage as major potential determining factors in this relationship for 49 high-emission countries in Belt and Road regions over the period of 1991-2014. For a robust analysis, we further grouped these countries into income panels (high, middle, low) and various regions (East Asia, Southeast Asia, Central Asia, South Asia, the Middle East/Africa, and Europe). The results of the panel cointegration tests revealed that the four variables were stationary in the long run. Similarly, our panel results indicated that trade openness had both positive and negative impacts on environmental pollution, but the effect varied in these different groups of nations. The results of the vector error correction model (VECM) causality also showed a long-run causal effect between trade, economic growth, energy consumption, and environmental pollution in the Belt and Road, Europe, high-income, middle-income, and low-income panels. The environmental Kuznets curve (EKC) results further indicated the existence of an inverted U-form relationship between trade and carbon emissions. Finally, certain policy implications are discussed. 
The Influence of Internet Finance on the Sustainable Development of the Financial Ecosystem in China. As a new species in the financial ecosystem, internet finance has significantly impacted traditional finance and has improved the diversity and ended the long-term stability of the financial ecosystem. From the perspective of the interaction between the ecological subjects of the Internet and traditional finance, this analysis examines the influence of internet finance on the sustainability of the financial ecosystem in China. We tested the dynamic correlation and risk transmission at the volatility level between the ecological subjects of internet finance and the banking, securities, and insurance industries by establishing a dynamic conditional correlation-generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity (GARCH) model of Baba, Engle, Kraft, and Kroner (DCC-GARCH-BEKK). The result indicates a positive dynamic correlation between internet finance and traditional finance almost all of the time. The introduction of internet finance has changed the risk transmission effect among the ecological subjects of traditional finance. Based on empirical findings, this analysis provides suggestions to promote the sustainable development of internet finance and the whole financial ecosystem. Our research not only has strong practical significance but also contributes significantly to the literature on internet finance and sustainable development. 
A Raroc Valuation Scheme for Loans and Its Application in Loan Origination. In this article, a risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC) valuation scheme for loans is derived. The critical assumption throughout the article is that no market information on a borrower's credit quality like bond or CDS (Credit Default Swap) spreads is available. Therefore, market-based approaches are not applicable, and an alternative combining market and statistical information is needed. The valuation scheme aims to derive the individual cost components of a loan which facilitates the allocation to a bank's operational units. After its introduction, a theoretical analysis of the scheme linking the level of interest rates and borrower default probabilities shows that a bank should only originate a loan, when the interest rate a borrower is willing to accept is inside the profitability range for this client. This range depends on a bank's internal profitability target and is always a finite interval only or could even be empty if a borrower's credit quality is too low. Aside from analyzing the theoretical properties of the scheme, we show how it can be directly applied in the daily loan origination process of a bank. 
Does Inside Trading Affect Managers' Decision-Making? A Theo-retical Investigation. This report analyzes how inside trading affects managers' decision-making and also examines the effect of the social relations on managers. Through model analysis, the paper shows that inside trading does affect managers' behavior. Inside trading lowers the managers' minimum requirements for risky projects and thus has a risk-reduction effect on managers. In some cases, the existence of inside trading makes managers select projects with negative returns, which results in agency problems. When managers try to consolidate their social networks by divulging inside information, agency problems are exacerbated. This report also analyzes the degree of risk aversion. As the degree of a manager's risk aversion increases, the risk-reduction effect of inside trading is reduced. 
An Assessment of the Market Risk Solvency Capital Requirement Simplifications for Insurance Undertakings. The Solvency II regulatory framework has been implemented as of January 1st, 2016 and among other things it introduced economic risk-based capital requirements across all EU Member States for the first time, applicable for insurance and reinsurance undertakings. Similar to Basel II whose scope is banks, the Solvency II directive provides a new regime based on three pillars for insurers and reinsurers: 1) pillar 1: harmonized valuation and risk based capital requirements, 2) pillar 2: harmonized governance and risk management requirements and 3) pillar 3: harmonized supervisory reporting and public disclosure. The Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) should correspond to the Value-at-Risk of the basic own funds of an insurance or reinsurance undertaking subject to a confidence level of 99. 5% over a one-year period. The Solvency II directive provides a range of methods to calculate the SCR. This allows insurance or reinsurance undertakings to choose a method that is proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of the risk that is measured. In order to calculate the SCR, an insurance undertaking can use a fully internal model, the standard formula and a partial internal model, the standard formula with undertaking-specific parameters, the standard formula as it is or a simplification. When introducing a simplification, the SCR estimate could deviate from the calculation without the simplification. A simplification could lead in important/crucial information missing from the SCR calculation. In some occasions the SCR is overestimated and in some others it is underestimated. It is therefore of interest to find the range of this deviation, potential bounds-if any and the effect it can have on the required capital. In this report we attempt to measure this deviation for simplifications pertaining to the interest rate risk for insurance companies. 
Footprints of Human Resource in Banking Sector. Purpose: Human resource plays a pivotal role in the overall development of any organization irrespective of technological changes taking the lead. The study aims to analyze the role of human resource in the Merchant banks that facilitate in offering quality services rendered based on the decision making comprising of confidentiality, analytical skills, and problem-solving ability. Design/Methodology/Approach: 50 respondents from the Merchant banks operating in urban Bangalore were surveyed to collect the primary data collected based on a structured questionnaire using a stratified sampling method. Confidentiality, analytical skills, problem-solving ability, technology & service are the variables used to test the Structural Equation Model (SEM) using SPSS AMOS (Analysis of Movement variance). Findings: SEM has been applied to validate the model fit to test if there is a significant effect of human resource in the decision making for the Merchant banking services rendered. The findings resulted that confidentiality is the most influencing path in the model with standardized coefficients being 0. 986 and followed by problem-solving ability being 0. 972. Originality/Value: Artificial Intelligence has been taking over every aspect of the business reducing the workforce in the modern era of globalization as technology-enabled systems can be more accurate and useful in decision making, and human resource plays a pivotal role in interpreting the systems. 
Valuation of Guaranteed Unitized Participating Life Insurance under MEGB2 Distribution. Crisis events have significantly changed the view that extreme events in financial markets have negligible probability. Especially in the life insurance market, the price of guaranteed participating life insurance contract will be affected by a change in asset volatility which leads to the fluctuations in embedded option value. Considering the correlation of different asset prices, MEGB2 (multivariate exponential generalized beta of the second kind) distribution is proposed to price guaranteed participating life insurance contract which can effectively describe the dependence structure of assets under some extreme risks. Assuming the returns of two different assets follow the MEGB2 distribution, a multifactor fair valuation pricing model of insurance contract is split into four components: the basic contract, the annual dividend option, the terminal dividend option, and the surrender option. This report studies the effect of death rate, minimum guaranteed yield rate, annual dividend ratio, terminal dividend ratio, and surrender on the embedded option values and calculates the single premium of the insurance contract under different influence factors. The Least-Squares Monte Carlo simulation method is used to simulate the pricing model. This article makes a comparison in the sensitivity of the pricing parameters under the MEGB2 distribution and Multivariate Normal distribution asset returns. Finally, an optimal hedging strategy is designed to cover the possible risks of the underlying assets, which can effectively hedge the risks of portfolio. 
Does Size Matter in Determining Growth of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) in Zimbabwe. Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) are increasingly becoming the dominant players in the economies of most countries especially in Sub Saharan Africa, constituting 97% to 99% of industry. What is worrisome though, is the high rate of failure and absence of growth in this sector despite various interventions to promote their growth which is inhibiting the contribution to economic development. This analysis sought to determine whether the size of enterprise affects the impact of various determinants of MSMEs growth in Zimbabwe. It used 2012 Finscope national MSMEs survey data which was modeled using probit model on a sample of 3222 MSMEs with growth as the binary dependent variable. The sector was divided into three main categories being individual, micro and the small to medium categories. The growth determinants that proved robust include, age of the firm, motivation, and education background of entrepreneur and sector whose coefficients were found to be significant in at least two of the three subcategories in addition to being significant in the main overall model. The legal form, tax status, banking status, exports and prior sector experience variables produced mixed results with coefficients being significant in at least one of the three subcategories to reflect peculiarities in the respective categories which had been lost in the aggregated model. Thus, for MSMEs growth policies to be effective, there is need to incorporate these peculiarities with respect to various size categories. 
Two-Stage Efficiency Structure Analysis Model of Shipbuilding Based on Driving Factors: The Case of Chinese Shipyard. The purpose of this report is to build an efficiency evaluation model based on efficiency drivers. Building technique, resource ability and management level are the three main driving factors in production efficiency of shipbuilding. Two-stage internal production efficiency structure analysis model (ESAM) firstly decomposes the shipbuilding system efficiency into three dimensions of subsystem efficiency structures to express the driving effect of the three driving factors of technique, operation and management. Secondly, ESAM uses system efficiency function and dimension structure efficiency function to express the relationships between the efficiency of each level and its subordinate efficiency. The contribution of subsystems to system efficiency is represented by the regression coefficient while the driving relationship between the efficiency of the subsystems and the efficiency of the system is expressed by the moving average trend curves of the system efficiency and the structural efficiency of each dimension. The empirical analysis shows that the case shipyard inner production is inefficient, which implies that most Chinese shipyards may be in the same condition, or even worse. It also shows that operation efficiency has the greatest driving effect on shipbuilding system efficiency while the driving effect of technique efficiency is not obvious, which means that improving management efficiency and technique efficiency should be the main direction taken to improve Chinese shipbuilding efficiency. 
Quadruple Helix Models for Sustainable Regional Innovation: Engaging and Facilitating Civil Society Participation. Prior research has emphasized the importance of bringing together quadruple helix (QH) actors (academia, industry, government and civil society) to strengthen regional innovation. The QH model forms an integral part of European innovation policy, which aims to create sustainable and inclusive growth in Europe. As part of this policy, European Union (EU) regions are to design and implement research and innovation strategies for smart specialization (RIS3) through the participatory entrepreneurial discovery process (EDP). Despite the strong emphasis on the QH model, the model is still far from a well-established concept in innovation research and policy, and civil society participation in RIS3 has remained low. Our paper aims to support regional governments to engage with and facilitate the participation of civil society in a territorial EDP based on two case studies from Finland and Sweden. It contributes to the literature on regional innovation systems through identifying mechanisms to foster the QH model and suggests lessons learnt for the operationalization of the QH model as part of RIS3. 
Research on Internet Consumer Financial Products Usage Intention-Taking College Students as an Example. With the rise of Internet consumer finance, it has greatly promoted the prosperity of the stage consumption market, and the college students group is a market with great development space and untapped market. In this research background, this article combines the technology acceptance model and the rational acceptance model, and introduces consumer innovation and perceived risk to explore the influence of consumers on the willingness of ecommerce Internet consumer financial products. The study found that perceived usefulness and willingness to use had a significant positive correlation, and that perceived risk and willingness to use had a significant negative correlation. Perceived ease of use and subjective norms have a significant positive effect on perceived usefulness; Consumer innovation and perceived ease of use have significant positive impact, and consumers' innovation and perceived risk have significant negative impact. The conclusions of this analysis enrich the study of willingness to use, and put forward relevant marketing strategies for enterprises to promote and occupy market share. 
Impact Factor Dynamic Forecasting Model for Management Science Journals Based on Grey System Theory. A forecast method of the impact factor trend was given based on grey system theory. Using this method, combined with the top 20 management science journals, the grey system GM (1, 1) model was constructed. The model evaluates and predicts the average impact factor trend of the top 20 management science journals. 
DO IMPROVED GROUNDNUT SEEDS MAKE AFRICAN FARMERS MORE FOOD SECURE? EVIDENCE FROM UGANDA. Groundnuts are an important crop for Ugandan smallholders because they are high in protein, resupply nutrients to the soil, and are a storable source of wealth once dried. Adoption of virus-resistant seeds that increase yield and reduce yield variance may improve household food security, but the complex relationship is an empirical question. This article considers the effect of improved groundnut seed on smallholder food security in eastern Uganda. Results indicate that adopters have significantly higher household food security after controlling for observed and unobserved household heterogeneity. The food consumption score index increases more than 15 points with improved seed adoption. 
Financial Risk Measurement for Turkish Insurance Companies Using VaR Models. This analysis aims to measure the foreign exchange risks that the insurance companies are exposed to. In this context, this analysis analyzes 7 insurance companies listed in Borsa Istanbul (Istanbul Stock Exchange). The foreign exchange risks that the insurance companies are exposed to were measured using VaR models, Historical Simulation and Monte Carlo Simulation methods. Data obtained from the analysis show the losses that the insurance companies suffer due to exchange risk. The losses calculated using the Monte Carlo Simulation were found to be greater than the losses calculated using Historical Simulation. 
Market orientation and performance of small and medium enterprises in Ghana: The mediating role of innovation. The study assessed the impact of market orientation on performance of small and medium enterprises (SMEs); the mediating role of innovation. The study was conducted on a total of 500 SMEs out of which 391 responses were received representing 78. 2% response rate. Purposive and convenience sampling techniques were adopted in selecting the SMEs and questionnaires used to collect data. Explanatory research design was used. The study used Structural Equation Model (SEM) for data analysis and explored various relationships as presented in the hypothesis. The findings indicated that, market orientation variable of customer orientation positively and significantly predict performance; while competitor orientation positively predicts performance; however, not significant. Interfunctional orientation inversely and non-significantly impacts on performance of SMEs in Ghana. Innovation partially mediates between customer orientation and performance. Innovation fully mediates between inter-functional orientations and performance whereas innovation has no mediation between competitor orientation and performance. Businesses, particularly SMEs are encouraged to adopt and embark on market orientation practices and implement innovative practices so as to maximise performance. 
Test of Monetary Approach to Balance of Payments in West Africa Monetary Zone. This research tested the monetary approach to Balance of Payment in developing countries of West Africa in order to affirm whether the specified relationship in the approach depicts correctly the actual behaviour of the economies. Time series and crosssectional data that ranges from 1970 -2016 were used. The empirical results of the fixed effect model established a significant positive relationship between net domestic credit, interest rate and exports; an insignificant positive relationship between capital movements, imports, income and the dependent variable. Exchange rate, however, had a significant negative relationship with the net foreign assets, while inflation had an insignificant but negative relationship with net foreign assets. The pairwise causality tests indicated a unidirectional relationship between exchange rate, net domestic credit and net foreign assets while the other variables move independently and cannot granger cause net foreign assets. Hence, the study concludes that the Polak model is valid in the West Africa Monetary Zone despite the fact that they are no more operating a fixed exchange rate system. The study suggests that the attention of the monetary authorities and the governments should not only be on decreasing the money supply in the economy, since an increase in net domestic credits has a positive impact on the net foreign assets provided it is channeled towards domestic production. 
Empirical Study on the Impact of User Participation on Service Value. As enterprise systems (ES) becomes increasingly pervasive and commoditized in organizations, its service value emerges as a critical issue. Drawing on the customer value theory, this report studies the relationship between user participation and service value of enterprise systems in the stage of enterprise system improvement. A survey of 220 employees in a large-scale industrial enterprise was taken to investigate the relationship between them. User participation has direct positive impacts on service value in the process of system improvement. Furthermore, information service quality and non-monetary sacrifice serve as mediating variables of the relationship between user participation in system improvement and service value even after controlling for individual variables such as users' age, education, and IT-related education. This report contributes to the theory on whether user participation matters in the process of enterprise system improvement. The findings can also encourage managerial practitioners to exploit user participation in organizations, in order to enhance service value of enterprise system. 
Optimal Investment and Risk Control Strategies for an Insurance Fund in Stochastic Framework. This report considers optimal investment and risk control problem under the Hull and White Stochastic Volatility (SV) model for an Insurer who aims to optimize the investment and risk control strategies. The surplus process of the insurer is assumed to follow the Brownian motion with drift. An Insurer can invest in the financial market consisting of risk-free and risky assets whose price process satisfies Hull-White SV model. By applying the stochastic dynamic programming approach, we derive closed-form expressions for the optimal strategies and the value function. We find that under the Hull and White model, the interest rate and risk aversion parameters both influence optimal strategies. Moreover, we provide a numerical example to illustrate the model's economic implications. Journal of Mathematical Finance reinsurance to minimize the ruin probability. Moreover, [8] studied the optimal reinsurance and investment problem of minimizing the ruin probability. Also, [9] [10] considered the optimal asset allocation in the jump-diffusion process, where the compound Poisson risk process characterizes the claim process. Furthermore, [11] [12] [13] introduced the Constant Elasticity of Variance P. K. Mwanakatwe et al. Journal of Mathematical Finance our model by a numerical example, and Section 6 concludes our work. x xx J t x J J rx J k v v J wv J r J J wv J v J J J w r v J. 
Private Sector Credit and Inflation Volatility. This report investigates the effect of inflation volatility on private sector credit growth. 
Understanding Filipino Rice Farmer Preference Heterogeneity for Varietal Trait Improvements: A Latent Class Analysis. Using an experimental methodology based on investment games, we examine whether smallholder rice farmers from Nueva Ecija, Philippines have heterogeneous preferences for improvements in 10 rice varietal traits. We use a latent class cluster approach to identify different segments of rice producing households and their distinct preferences for trait improvements. These clusters were characterised post hoc using household, farm, and marketing characteristics. On average, farmers invested the most in rice varietal trait improvements that offered opportunities to reduce losses caused by lodging, insects and diseases. We found four classes of farmers with distinct preferences for improvements in variety traits. The clusters were significantly different in terms of household and farm characteristics. These findings can guide breeding research in the development of varieties that have the traits farmers identified for improvement, and that will address the unique needs of distinct farmer segments. 
The Impact of Market Orientation on Business Performance: Evidence from a Developing Country. The main aim of this report is to investigate the relationship between market orientation and business performance. Hypothesis concerning the relationship between market orientation and business performance were posited and tested. Data were collected using a mail questionnaire survey approach. This analysis employed a simple random sampling procedure in selecting the organisations for inclusion in the sample. A total of 158 Malaysian manufacturing organisations participated in this analysis. Factor analysis, Pearson correlation, and multiple regression methods of data analysis were utilised for hypotheses testing. The results revealed that market focus, market action, market planning, market feedback, and market coordination jointly explained 32. 6% of the variance of business performance. Market focus and market coordination were found to have statistically significant association with business performance. The outcome of this analysis provides vital information from a developing country perspective on the impact of market orientation practices on manufacturing organisations' performance. 
How Cryptocurrencies Are Changing What CPAs Need to Know about Fraud Prevention. The accounting profession has long occupied a role and fiduciary responsibility aligned with fraud prevention and safeguarding consumer data and finances. As cryptocurrencies become more prominent and widespread, including utilization by both individual consumers and organizations, the risk of unethical actors entering the market continues to rise. This research approaches the situation from two angles. First, a review of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology, including an overview of the initial coin offering (ICO) process is conducted, including regulatory updates in the space. Second, and important for both academic and practitioner end users of this research, a checklist, guide, and items to consider to assist in preventing fraud connected to cryptocurrencies will be provided. 
Methodology for managing financial risks of Kazakhstan enterprises. The article tells about the main types of financial risks on the example of Kazakhstan enterprises and JSC "KAZMUNAIGAS"RD. One of the main types of risks inherent in the Kazakh financial market at the present time was identified, the necessity of using coefficients for recognizing the degree of financial risks was proved on the example of a comparative study based on the VaR method, at the same time, the reasonableness of using futures and option contracts for insuring financial risks of organizations was proved. 
Cashlet Theory: Discovering the Nature of Accounting. Accounting is the "language of business", which records how our society works from the monetary aspect. 
Funding of Agricultural Research and Development in Ghana: The Case of Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR). Agricultural Research and Development (R&D) investments contribute greatly to economic growth, agricultural development and poverty reduction in developing countries. This report examines the financial investment and expenditure trends in agricultural R&D in Ghana with emphasis on the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) and the implication for the policies driving agricultural research in Ghana. Data from Agricultural Science & Technology Indicator (ASTI) and in-depth studies on agricultural R&D in Ghana were used. Purposive sampling was used to gather data in thirteen agricultural research institutes and five public universities in Ghana. Through questionnaire administration, data were collected and analyzed using descriptive statistics. The study revealed that, total public agricultural R&D expenditure had increased by 59 per cent from 42. 5 million (2005 PPP) dollars in 2000 to 67. 7 million (2005 PPP) dollars in 2011 and with an average expenditure of 54. 1 million (2005 PPP) dollars per year. The total expenditure by CSIR constitutes about 50 per cent of the total agricultural research expenditure in Ghana. The study however, showed a drastic decline in capital investments from 6. 7 per cent in 2000 to 0. 1 per cent in 2011 of the total government funding with operational cost following similar declining pattern. Still, when considering the totality of funding including salaries and wages, government support is the main source of funding for agricultural R&D in Ghana (85 per cent) with donors (7. 3 per cent), sale of goods and services (6. 7 per cent) and others serving as complementary sources. Though there have been considerable government investments in agricultural R&D in CSIR over the period, impact on operational and research activities has been minimal as the chunk of it went into payment of salaries and wages. The fundamental challenge is funding the very important operational and research activities which lead to technology development and innovation. Increasing commercialization of research technologies and government investment in agricultural R&D in Ghana, are recommended to address this investment challenge. 
Impact of Remittances on Financial Development: Revisiting the Evidence for ECOWAS Countries. This analysis examines the impact of remittances on financial development in selected West African countries over the period from 1980 to 2017. Contrary to previous panel studies which relied on standard panel estimators, it uses an estimation method which controls both parameter heterogeneity and cross-section dependence among countries. Remittance inflows were found to reduce domestic credit to private sector whereas they contribute to increasing money supply in the long run. Country-level results reveal, however, considerable heterogeneity across countries. 
Consumer Tax Production Quota Buyouts and Negative Compensation: Producers' Dilemma. In some cases, production quota buyouts can be paid for through consumer taxes. Using a simplified two-period model, we show that producers can never gain from a consumer tax buyout even if the compensation is based on an inflated quota value. The higher the quota value used as the basis of compensation, the greater is the overall producer loss from the buyout. This producer loss within a two-period model buyout is called "negative producer compensation". 
Extreme Portfolio Loss Correlations in Credit Risk. The stability of the financial system is associated with systemic risk factors such as the concurrent default of numerous small obligors. Hence, it is of utmost importance to study the mutual dependence of losses for different creditors in the case of large, overlapping credit portfolios. We analytically calculate the multivariate joint loss distribution of several credit portfolios on a non-stationary market. To take fluctuating asset correlations into account, we use an random matrix approach which preserves, as a much appreciated side effect, analytical tractability and drastically reduces the number of parameters. We show that, for two disjoint credit portfolios, diversification does not work in a correlated market. Additionally, we find large concurrent portfolio losses to be rather likely. We show that significant correlations of the losses emerge not only for large portfolios with thousands of credit contracts, but also for small portfolios consisting of a few credit contracts only. Furthermore, we include subordination levels, which were established in collateralized debt obligations to protect the more senior tranches from high losses. We analytically corroborate the observation that an extreme loss of the subordinated creditor is likely to also yield a large loss of the senior creditor. 
Technology Adoption Strategies in the Supply Chain: The case of Vietnamese Young Small and Medium-sized Enterprises. The paper, using a three-wave unbalanced panel of 3252 observations of young small and medium-sized firms in 2011-2013, examines the effect of direct linkages between firms with foreign direct investment and young small and medium-sized firms on technology adoption strategies and the further influence of technology transfers from such linkages on technology adoption strategies. Moreover, the paper analyzes the extent that economic obstacles may cause young small and medium-sized firms to choose different adoptions. Our analysis shows that exporting firms do not tend to conduct embodied backward/forward adoptions, but more likely adopt the embodied backward purchasing. In addition, the impact of competitiveness follows an inverse U-shaped pattern for the embodied backward adoption, but a U-shaped pattern for the disembodied adoption. In terms of market power, there exists an inversed U-shaped pattern for the embodied backward adoption. Under the impact of foreign direct investment (FDI) linkages and vertical spillovers, it is found that technology transfer through backward/forward linkages is associated with the embodied ones, whereas a linkage with FDI domestic customers/suppliers is less likely associated with the embodied ones. In addition, under technology transfer, firms facing economic constraints may overcome these by looking for other financial sources and embodied technology transfer. The paper suggests the path for FDI firms, young small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and technology adoption strategies in the future. and poverty alleviation in developing countries [3,7]. SMEs also are portrayed in the literature as one of the important pillars of healthy economic growth and vitality, through their young entrepreneurial talent and innovation activities (Jamali, Lund-Thomsen and Jeppesen [5], United Nations Industrial Development Organization [6]). Among SMEs, recent development has paid much attention to the young SMEs. Czarnitzki and Delanote [7] argue further that young SMEs are interrelated in terms of such characteristics as size of operation (labor, capital) and duration of operation (age), and thus a new category for young SMEs has been formulated. Several studies have followed this new classification of firms (Schneider and Veugelers [8], Veugelers [9]). Aghion and Howitt [10] further stress that young small firms are the main forces to cultivate new technologies, and thus increase productivity. Concerning innovation, SMEs are said to depend profoundly on outdoor innovation (Ortega-Argiles, et al. [11], Rammer, et al. [12]). In other words, SMEs prefer less costly and low-risk technology choices than formal in-house R&D (Dahlander and Gann [13], Spithoven, et al. [14]). Although R&D is widely recognized as the main components of innovation (Manez, et al. [15], Audretsch, et al. [16], Tingvall and Poldahl [17]), R&D investment likely faces uncertainty in success, is costly, and requires many endowment resources [16]. Therefore, instead of investing in R&D, firms can enjoy a type of technology diffusion, namely the adaptation and/or adoption of available technologies in the world (Chang and Robin [18], Brandt and Zhu [19], Bartoloni and Baussola [20]). That is also the way that firms in developing countries may choose to improve their productivity by absorbing the existing technology suitable for them (Glass and Saggi [21], Basant and Fikkert [22], Wang and Blomstrom [23]). A study of Basant and Fikkert [22], for example, found that Indian firms' exploration of existing technologies obtain a higher return than innovative activities. Foreign direct investment (FDI) often comes with spillovers. In general, there are two main spillover mechanisms as specified in Newman, et al. [24], and Zapkau, et al. [25]. Accordingly, horizontal spillovers come from transferring FDI firms' knowledge and technology to competing firms in the same sector, and vertical spillovers occur through the supply chain when foreign suppliers transfer to domestic producers [24]. There has been a huge amount of empirical literature of FDI spillovers (Caves [26], Rodriguez-Clare [27], Markusen and Venables [28], Blalock and Gertler [29], Smarzynska Javorcik [30], Kugler [31], Newman, Rand, Talbot and Tarp [24]). However, Smeets [32] concludes that although technology transfers and technology spillovers are interrelated concepts, they are distinct by nature, and this feature should be operationalized in the empirical analysis. Giroud, et al. [33] also criticize that the current literature focuses on external effects from FDI rather than on identifying the direct linkage effects between firms with foreign investment and domestic enterprises. Some attempts so far have been made to highlight the important technology linkages between two types of firms. The most recent study in this direction by Newman, Rand, Talbot and Tarp [24] finds that direct forward linkages from FDI suppliers to domestic firms are positively associated with productivity. 
International Journal of Financial Studies The Inconsistent Effects of Plain English Disclosures on Nonprofessional Investors' Risk Judgments. In this report, we examine whether the readability of different types of corporate risk disclosures influences the risk judgments of nonprofessional investors. Our study contributes evidence to the Security and Exchange Commission's ongoing initiative to improve corporate financial statement disclosures. Using 359 responses from an experimental survey of nonprofessional investors (NPIs), we find that readability, in conjunction with risk factor type, significantly influences investors' judgments of probability and size of economic loss, cause for worry, and overall risk. NPIs judged the risk from an industry-related risk factor (competition) to be higher when written in plain English, but judged the risk of a company-specific risk factor (internal control weakness over financial reporting) to be higher when written in a less readable format (i. e. , legalese). We found no significant differences in judgments between plain English and less readable language on a combined industry/company risk factor, information security. Results suggest that a move to plain English for all types of risk factors may have consequences that are not fully understood or expected. This area needs further research before regulators enact (or enforce) mandates for risk factors to be presented in plain English. 
Detection of Sulfite Content in Agricultural Products Logistics Technology Research -Taking an Example of Mushroom. In today's real life, from the perspective of the logistics quality of agricultural products, there are many problems are paid attention by social people, such as mushroom. Mushroom products in China's exports have repeatedly been reported because of containing more sulfur dioxide in recent years. Also the dried mushroom exports were notified by nine times. Mushroom in the life is one of the people's favorite foods, so food healthy problem is to let the consumer concern it. This article explores a new method by pararosaniline hydrochloric spectrophotometry for determination of sulfur dioxide in mushroom, in the instrument detection and method research. This experiment uses the colorimetric method that is in charge of the UV spectrophotometer instrument. Finally this article puts forward the feasibility of this method. In the determination of mushrooms, laboratory reagents are used with non-toxic mercury. It reaches the national standard and it has practical feasibility. 
Financing for Sustainable Development: Reflections on the Malaysian Perspective against the Six Capital Types Proposed by United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network. This article is about analysis of Malaysia's achievements regarding the proposed main capital outlined by the United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network (UN SDSN) that to be empowered by every country in the world. There are six main types of capital proposed by UN SDSN which are infrastructure, human capital, natural capital, business capital, intellectual capital and social capital. Based on the proposed six categories, Malaysia should take the initiative proposed so that Malaysia can achieve sustainability in its development as outlined in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). This situation needs to be done because Malaysia is still lagging in their efforts to preserve the type of capital owned by them. Good management needs to be done to strengthen the type of capital held in Malaysia. 
The Impact of Wellness Programs on Employee Job Satisfaction in Colleges and Universities. This analysis examines the impact of wellness programs on employee job satisfaction in Colleges and Universities. Utilizing a sample of full time or part time college and university faculty members of for-profit and brick and mortar universities in the United States, the results of this correlational study did not predict job satisfaction among employees who participated in wellness programs. In addition, it was found that interaction analyses indicated a relationship between gender and job satisfaction. Females were more likely than males to have higher levels of job satisfaction, as well as years of experience and job satisfaction. Faculty who had employed between 11 and 15 years were more likely to have higher levels of job satisfaction. 
The Safety of Physics Science Activities in a High School Physics Classroom. High school physics teachers often turn to various resources, including the Internet, as they search for engaging physics activities for their students. An important question, especially for new physics teachers, concerns the safety of these activities. Have safety issues been adequately addressed within these activities? The purpose of this article is to emphasize potential safety issues involving high school physics projects as well as to provide a checklist for physics teachers to use as they evaluate activities. If the activity is deemed to contain safety issues, physics teachers are encouraged to attempt to modify the activity to make it safe. If the activity cannot be modified for safety purposes, then it is recommended that the physics teacher search for a different activity. The intention of this article is to provide high school physics teachers with safety information that can be used in preparing safe, inquiry-based, hands-on, engaging and topic-appropriate physics activities for their students. 
The Economic Paradigms Need to Be Updated. This contribution deals with the current problems of the stagnating European economy: a high level of debt, political instability and a lower level of ethics. The growth of the income gap in society is viewed as one of the most pressing problems. Reference is made to the ineffectiveness of traditional fiscal and monetary policy, the problematic nature of solutions based on new tools, such as quantitative easing, and the low level of the effectiveness of implemented regulatory projects, which reduce the efficiency of regulated business. In a quest for new approaches to correcting economic paradigms, the authors recommend greater anticipation of empirical and behavioural approaches, or, possibly, even a return to the beginningie. to the ideas of the free market. 
The Impact of Entrepreneurial Business Networks on Firms' Performance Through a Mediating Role of Dynamic Capabilities. This precise study is the first to perform a focalized investigation on the relationship between entrepreneurial business networks and sustainable performance of small firms. The entrepreneurial business network is a multifaceted business network of business firms, working together to achieve business objectives. Business relationships and firm aggregations are the main categories of entrepreneurial business networks, which help small and medium-sized enterprises to become more dynamic, innovative and competitive. The entrepreneurial business network is a networking, which provides a platform to build business relationships, identify, develop or act upon economic opportunities, share information and seek potential business partners for ventures. However, few studies have sought to understand the association of entrepreneurial business network (EBN) and firms' sustainable performance in the context of Pakistan. This investigation aims to examine the relationship between EBN and small firms' sustainable performance by applying the Smart PLS-SEM software V-3. 2. 8. This analysis explores how dynamic capabilities mediate the relationship between entrepreneurial business network and sustainable performance of small firms. The data received reports on small firms, manufacturing surgical instruments. The findings indicated that the entrepreneurial business network had a significant positive relationship with dynamic capabilities, which in turn presented a positive relation to a sustainable performance of small firms. By developing sustainable EBN, small firms can achieve sustainable performance by implementing dynamic capabilities in a competitive environment. The results affirmed that highly entrepreneurial firms showed a tendency to create a business network for achieving sustainable performance. The results also revealed that firms using business networks and dynamic capabilities efficiently; achieved their sustainable performance. The findings indicated that the study proposed a holistic and systematic model to achieve sustainable performance through firms' dynamic capabilities. The generalizability of these findings provides useful insight and direction for future studies in Pakistan. 
Application of Artificial Neuron Network in Analysis of Railway Delays. Punctuality is a key performance indicator of train freight transport. However, train delay arises often in the practice. To improve the efficiency of cargo train, prediction of train-delay is always an important research area. In this report, a prediction model is established on the base of artificial neural network (ANN). Due the endogen drawback of ANN, Genetic Algorithm is adopted to improve the performance of ANN. Consequently, an experiment is design to train and test the ANN-based model by a set of data from the practice. The results of the experiment demonstrate the significant propagation ability of the model. 
Alkali Pretreatment and Enzymatic Hydrolysis of Australian Timber Mill Sawdust for Biofuel Production. This analysis investigated the potential use of alkali pretreatment of sawdust from Australian timber mills to produce bioethanol. Sawdust was treated using 3-10% w/w NaOH at temperatures of 60, 121, and -20 [?] C. Two pathways of production were trialled to see the impact on the bioethanol potential, enzymatic hydrolysis for glucose production, and simultaneous saccharification and fermentation (SSF) for ethanol production. The maximum yields obtained were at 121 [?] C and -20 [?] C using 7% NaOH, with 29. 3% and 30. 6% ethanol yields after 0. 5 and 24 hr, respectively, these treatments yielded 233% and 137% increase from the 60 [?] C counter parts. A notable trend of increased ethanol yields with increased NaOH concentration was observed for samples treated at 60 [?] C; for example, samples treated using 10% NaOH produced 1. 92-2. 07 times more than those treated using 3% NaOH. FTIR analysis showed reduction in crystallinity correlating with increased ethanol yields with the largest reduction in crystallinity in the sample treated at -20 [?] C for 24 hr with 7% NaOH. 
A Review of Green Consumer Behavior Based on the Social Perspective. The significance of the research on green consumption behavior is not only to reveal the laws of green consumption behavior, but also to provide useful suggestions for the promotion of green consumption behavior. Therefore, the topic is of significance. This report adopts bibliometric method to probe into the research findings of green consumption referenced by China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI). In recent years, the study about green consumption has been made both at home and abroad, mainly focusing on the connotation, characteristics of green consumption, factors influencing green consumption behavior and green consumption development strategies, etc. But as far as the present state of study is concerned, there are few scholars study the mechanism of the green consumption behavior from the perspective of social comparison and point out that future research should highlight the multidisciplinary research perspective. Besides, empirical analysis tool should be strengthened in the research to detect the mechanism of green consumption behaviors. 
Study on the Existing Problems and Their Countermeasures of the FDI Utilization in Jiangsu. Jiangsu Province has convenient ocean, land and air transportation and great transportation capacity. There are 128 regular higher education institutions in Jiangsu, ranking the first by number in China. By the end of 2012, Jiangsu has a gross product of RMB5405. 822 billion, accounting for 10. 4% of the GDP of China as per Jiangsu Statistics Bureau (2013). According to the statistics of the National Bureau of Statistics of the People's Republic of China (2013), in 2012 in China, Jiangsu Province's economy ranked the second. With its advantages Jiangsu has attracted foreign direct investment (FDI) from all over the world. In 2012, there were 4156 contracted FDI projects. The contracted and the actually utilized FDI values reached US$57. 14109 billion and US$35. 75956 billion respectively. Not only has FDI brought capital, advanced technology, state-of-the-art management methods etc. for Jiangsu, but also it plays a very important role in Jiangsu's economic development. However, in Jiangsu's utilizing FDI some problems are existing, such as industries tending to be of the low end, imbalance in industry distribution, weak absorptive capacity of high technology, leading to environment pollution etc. This report aims at analyzing the problems by SWOT method and puts forward some countermeasures for Jiangsu to develop its economy effectively by means of FDI. 
Which One of Standardization or Customization Works the Best When It Comes to Online Marketing?. Online marketing has influenced the consumers all around the world. This opens up a way for the small enterprises to enter the international market and enjoy the benefits like the MNCs located in different parts of the world. Advertising products and manipulating the customers to buy is one of the techniques used by the international companies. As a result some companies take standardization as an incentive to attract customers while some use customization or personalization to manipulate them. This as a result that has created a debate between different marketers to choose a beneficial way to satisfy by attracting different customers. This article focuses on various problems which marketers face in terms of online retailing as well as different obstacles encountered by consumers while making buying decisions for standardized or customized products through online Medium (Internet). 
Banking stability during the economic transformation process in selected countries of the Western Balkans Katarzyna Kubiszewska Banking stability during the economic transformation process in selected countries of the Western Balkans E020; E440; G00. Economic transformation is still an ongoing process in many European countries. Despite common economic roots, the current economic situations are developing differently in different countries. This article will consider the process of economic transformation in terms of the banking sector. It aims to assess the level of banking stability throughout the transformation process in the Western Balkan region, and to assess the determinates of banking stability. A tool based on the Macroeconomic Stability Pentagon is used to estimate banking stability. The study finds that in most of the researched countries, the most common determinates of banking stability are market concentration and market competition. Additionally, it finds that the stability of banking systems in two countriesrelatively the most transformed in the region (Croatia) and the one which is considered the most delayed (Serbia)are influenced by similar factors, while the other banking systems in the region, despite common roots and experiences, vary in terms of the factors affecting their banking stability. 
Vertical Mergers, Raising Rivals' Costs and Foreclosure in a Network Industry. Foreclosure through raising a network rival's costs may not be detrimental in the short-term, but in the longer-term it may allow a predator to expand its market share. The focus of antitrust opinion in assessing potential vertical mergers should therefore be on the longer-term effects of such mergers. 
Development of Entrepreneurial Activity in the Czech Republic over the Years 2005-2017. Although there is a rich debate about entrepreneurship and its impact on economic development, much less is known about the actual levels of entrepreneurial activity. The main aim of the article is, thus, to map the level of entrepreneurial activity in the Czech Republic, its structure, and development during the years 2005-2017. The study is based on the secondary data obtained from national structural business statistics, the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor, and the Labour Force Survey. The average rate of entrepreneurial activity in the Czech Republic was 15. 2% of the economically active population aged 15-64 years during the analysed period. The activity is dominated by solo-self-employed workers (own-account workers). Job creators represent only 3. 2% of the economically active population. Patterns and cohorts of entrepreneurs were identified regarding gender, age, and education. There were 2. 5 times more self-employed males compared to females for the past years, and the proportion of job creators is also higher for males. The Czech job creators are on average older (mostly represented in age cohort 40-49 years) compared to solo-self-employed (mainly represented in age cohort 35-44 years) and they have obtained tertiary education to a larger extent. Classification and monitoring of the Czech entrepreneurial activity might serve as an overview for Czech policymakers and regional scholars. Especially from a job creation perspective, it might be very relevant to understand the characteristics of those individuals who employ other workers, aside from themselves. From an international perspective, this analysis might serve as an inspiration to shed more light on the national levels of entrepreneurship and self-employment. 
Effect of Confidence Shock on an Economy with a Shadow Banking System: Analysis Based on Dynamic Stochastic General Equilibrium Model. We introduced a financial intermediary system including shadow banks into a New-Keynesian dynamic stochastic general equilibrium framework and analyzed the effect of confidence on the real economy. A model simulation indicated that confidence boosts growth and promotes consumption and investment in the real economy. The effects on the shadow banking system and traditional commercial banking system differed, thereby providing a new perspective for policy-making and economic structure model research. 
An Edgeworth Box Approach toward Conceptualising Economic Integration. The joint-communique originating from the January 2010 summit between India and Bangladesh has opened new doors of opportunities for addressing economic integration not just between India and Bangladesh, but across the South Asian region. In this article, an Edgeworth Box approach has been deployed to help conceptualise the various Pareto-optimal solutions that are to be realised through close bilateral cooperation in particular. The article attempts to address some of the issues deterring establishment of trade and transport integration between Bangladesh and India, which are also relevant from the perspective of the entire South Asia region. 
Paths and Challenges of New Technologies: The Case of Nanotechnology-Based Cosmetics Development in Brazil. New technologies have challenges to overcome when applying it to new products. New products depend on the technological and market novelties. Therefore, the term product innovativeness is defined as the technological and market degree of novelty. For several industries, the nanotechnology has been the latest technology, and it has also been included in Brazilian government strategic agenda. Considering the importance of new technologies and innovation, we describe the paths and challenges of nanotechnology-based cosmetics development to achieve product innovativeness. Opposing the new product development (NPD) mainstream based on efficiency, we used the evolutionary approach by highlighting the novelties. We describe three NPD stages (conception, operationalization, nd launch). For empirical evidence, we chose two Brazilian emblematic cases (suppliers for cosmetics industry) that domain nanotechnology. One case scans more potential market novelties and consequently produces indigenous nanotechnology for international industries such as cosmetics, food, and textile. The second case represents the new technology limited by the application in cosmetics. New technologies are not an innovation guarantee. Market demands must be identified in the early stage of NPD. When the focus is the novelty, the NPD evolutionary approach is useful. 
Layoffs and Downsizing Implications for the Leadership Role of Human Resources. Downsizing or laying off employees is usually the strategically planned elimination of large numbers of personnel or workforce to enhance organizational effectiveness and economic outlook. Downsizing has some temporary or immediate advantages such as boosting profits, avoiding bankruptcy, creating new relationships, re-organization, and getting rid of "deadwood" or disengaged employees. The disadvantages of layoffs or downsizing in an organization can include reduced skilled workers and low morale, as the employees experience mixed emotions, dismay, stress, guilt, or even envy. In addition, layoffs can reduce existing employees' satisfaction and commitment to the organization, which can result into lower performance. Human resources (HR) professionals and managers must effectively manage the impact of layoffs on people. The immediate financial hardship of a layoff could affect both the physical and psychological well-being of an individual worker, while also causing bankruptcy, depression, and more severe illnesses. Layoffs could result into long-term impacts since unemployment can last up to six months or longer. There might also be experiences of hopelessness when laid off employees are having difficulty finding new employment. This article provides an overview of layoffs as well as their impact on employees. In addition, the paper explains the role of HR personnel throughout layoffs, which are to ensure that the organization is able to enhance its overall effectiveness. In their role as project managers who are leading the layoff process, human resources professionals must focus on the legal, ethical, and socially responsible implementation of transitioning people and the organizational culture. Furthermore, managers can introduce new technologies or robots to reduce the need for large numbers of employees in the future, and they might consider changing location of the business or organization to be closer to the relevant material resources while better serving customers. 
Regional Economic Integration and the Formation of Global Trading Blocs: A Historical Analysis of the 1980s. This report undertakes an historical analysis of regional trading bloc formation in the 1980s. This time period was characterized by the formation of major global trading blocs, especially the European Union and the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), at the same time existing national structures broke apart, most notably the Soviet Union. A gravity model based analysis of trade flow data indicates that two forces operated simultaneously during the study period, one leading to the formation of trading blocs (as captured by a dummy variable for "same regions") and the other leading to the dissolution of trading blocs (based on the interaction of GNP and the dummy variable for "same regions"). 
Development of an Implementation Framework for Integrated Management System Based on the Philosophy of Total Quality Management. The focus of this report is to develop a framework for implementation of integrate management systems (ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 180001 and SA 8000). At present, these management systems are used individually in several industrial organizations. Dealing with these separate management systems and ensuring their alignment with business goal are the two big issues. Increased compatibility between these standards has paved the road for integration. With the co-ordination of holistic approach like TQM, it can easily embed the existing quality, health & safety, social responsibility and environmental processes in the culture of continuing improvement. Several researches have been conducted to understand the different aspects of integration. But, no suitable aspect of integration has been developed yet. The main finding of this report concludes that, integration on the basis of philosophical compatibility between TQM and other standards can create a generic approach for implementation. Furthermore, this aspect of integration will also give administrative benefits related to implementation and maintenance of the systems. 
Brazilian Araucaria Forests. Assessing the consequences of human exploitation at different intensities on ecosystem services is important in the Brazilian Araucaria Forest biome, because it has been drastically reduced, mainly due to the exploitation of Araucaria angustifolia (Bertol. ) Kuntze for wood. The inclusion of A. angustifolia on the list of Brazilian endangered plant species places the harvesting of Araucaria nuts as the most important provisioning service in this type of ecosystem. The aim of this analysis was to determine the trade-offs related to provisioning, supporting and regulating ecosystem services in the Araucaria Forest at different intensities of nut harvesting, by addressing ecosystem attributes that assure forest sustainability. Six indicators of ecosystem services were evaluated in harvested and non-harvested areas in Brazilian Araucaria Forest fragments. Trade-offs were examined under five harvesting intensities. The supporting services were the most sensitive to the harvesting intensity. The results indicate that a harvesting threshold of between 60% and 85% of the nuts produced guarantees forest sustainability. In addition, areas under higher harvesting intensities provide more short-term benefit services at the local scale that can be included in the formal market. 
Relationships between Imperfections and Shear Buckling Resistance in Web Plate with Sectional Damage Caused by Corrosion. This analysis deals with the relationship between imperfections and shear buckling resistance of web plates with sectional damage caused by corrosion. To examine the imperfection effect on the shear buckling resistance of a web plate with sectional damage, a series of nonlinear finite element (FE) analyses were carried out for a web plate with sectional damage, which was assumed as local corrosion damage. For considering imperfections of the web plate in the girder, initial out-of-plane deformation was introduced in the FE analysis model. Using the FE analysis results, the changes in the shear buckling resistance of the web plate with sectional damage were quantitatively examined and summarized according to the aspect ratio, boundary conditions, and height of the damaged section of the web plate. The effects of web imperfections on the shear buckling resistance were evaluated to be little compared to that of the web plate without sectional damage. The shear buckling resistance was shown to significantly change in the high-aspect-ratio web plate. A simple evaluation equation for the shear buckling resistance of a web plate with sectional damage was modified for use in the practical maintenance of a web plate in corrosive environments. 
The determinants of participation in global value chains: The case of ECOWAS. Regional integration is the strategy adopted at the continental level to strengthen Africa's development. However, the different regional blocs already established on the continent face many challenges. Based on the economic integration of the ECOWAS (Economic Community of West African States) region, this research analyzes the role of participation to Global Value Chain (GVC) in international trade as a crucial factor. Using a gravity model with Panel using fixed effects, the findings show that intra-regional trade is not significant in the explanation of the trade openness degree of countries but an increase in backward integration to GVC raises trade openness. The results also indicate how the competitiveness of trade structure and the structural factors related to countries affect the performance of GVCs. Intra-regional trade must further be inserted in the production of final goods which involves the maximum number of countries for the intermediate steps. 
Cost-effectiveness of once-weekly semaglutide versus dulaglutide and lixisenatide in patients with type 2 diabetes with inadequate glycemic control in Sweden Cost-effectiveness of once-weekly semaglutide versus dulaglutide and lixisenatide in patients with type 2 diabetes with inadequate glycemic control in Sweden. Aims: This analysis evaluated the cost-effectiveness of once-weekly semaglutide vs glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RAs) in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) uncontrolled on metformin or basal insulin in Sweden. Materials and methods: This cost-effectiveness analysis (CEA) was conducted using the Swedish Institute of Health Economics (IHE) Diabetes Cohort Model. Analyses were conducted from the Swedish societal perspective over a time horizon of 40 years. For patients uncontrolled on metformin, dulaglutide was the comparator, and data from the SUSTAIN 7 clinical trial was used. For patients uncontrolled on basal insulin, lixisenatide was chosen as the comparator and data was obtained from a network meta-analysis (NMA). Results: The results show that, in patients with inadequate control on metformin, semaglutide 1. 0 mg dominated (i. e. provided greater clinical benefit, and was less costly) dulaglutide 1. 5 mg. In patients with inadequate control on basal insulin, semaglutide 1. 0 mg dominated lixisenatide. The reduction in costs is largely driven by the reduction in complications seen with once-weekly semaglutide. Limitations and conclusions: It is likely that this analysis is conservative in estimating the cardiovascular (CV) cost benefits associated with treatment with once-weekly semaglutide. In patients inadequately controlled on basal insulin, the analyses vs lixisenatide were based on results from an NMA, as no head-to-head clinical trial has been conducted for this comparison. These CEA results show that once-weekly semaglutide is a cost-effective GLP-1 RA therapy for the treatment of T2D in patients inadequately controlled on metformin or basal insulin, addressing many current clinician, patient, and payer unmet needs in Sweden. 
Beyond the Modernization Theory: Socio-Demographic Changes, Economic Structure and Forest Transition in a Multi-Dimensional Time-Series Analysis for Italy A. Ferrara et al. 184. In the light of the modernization theory, the present paper proposes an empirical assessment of the population-economy-environment nexus in Italy by investigating the historical trends (1862-2009) in 58 variables describing five themes (environment, demography, education, trade, agriculture). Socioeconomic variables representing changes in population structure and demographic dynamics compared with indicators of forest expansion allowed verifying the temporal coherence between demographic and forest transitions at the country scale. The study develops an exploratory data analysis framework based on principal component analysis, hierarchical and non-hierarchical clustering and identifies four homogeneous time intervals () in socioeconomic and environmental attributes. Different trends (positive linear, negative linear and non-linear) in the studied variables were identified through hierarchical clustering. 
Deep Local Volatility +. Deep learning for option pricing has emerged as a novel methodology for fast computations with applications in calibration and computation of Greeks. However, many of these approaches do not enforce any no-arbitrage conditions, and the subsequent local volatility surface is never considered. In this article, we develop a deep learning approach for interpolation of European vanilla option prices which jointly yields the full surface of local volatilities. We demonstrate the modification of the loss function or the feed forward network architecture to enforce (hard constraints approach) or favor (soft constraints approach) the no-arbitrage conditions and we specify the experimental design parameters that are needed for adequate performance. A novel component is the use of the Dupire formula to enforce bounds on the local volatility associated with option prices, during the network fitting. Our methodology is benchmarked numerically on real datasets of DAX vanilla options. 
Research on the Method of Capitalization of Enter-tainment Products in GDP Statistics. It is one of directions of the reform about China's national economic statistics system to incorporate the intellectual property products into the GDP statistics, and the capital of intellectual property products is the first work to be incorporated into the GDP statistics. This article selected the entertainment industry as a microcosm of the development of the intellectual property economic, and accounted the capitalization of the original expenditure on entertainment industry to provide a reference for Chinese intellectual property products capital accounting and GDP accounting system reform. 
Coordination Always Occurs in a Two-Strategy Pure-Coordination Logit Game on Scale-Free Networks *. We show that coordination always occurs in scale-free networks by social local interactions regardless of the values of parameters, while it occurs in regular networks if and only if the number of links times a payoff parameter exceeds the threshold. Scale-free networks are ubiquitous in the reality. We study a two-strategy pure coordination game on networks that indicate who plays with whom. A player chooses a strategy by Logit choice and the strategies are dynamically updated. Stable steady states are investigated. 
Internet Education and Economic Growth: Evidence from Cross-Country Regressions. The effects of Internet education on economic growth are examined using a cross-section of 36 high-income countries. Internet usage rates are employed as a proxy for Internet education across countries. Regression results show that the frequent usage of the Internet has a positive and significant effect on economic growth. The estimated growth effect of Internet skills is also found to be greater than the growth effect of math and science skills. The results are, in general, robust across model specifications. 
Discovery of an unknown diversity of Leucinodes species damaging Solanaceae fruits in sub-Saharan Africa and moving in trade (Insecta, Lepidoptera, Pyraloidea). Citation: Mally R, Korycinska A, Agassiz DJL, Hall J, Hodgetts J, Nuss M (2015) Discovery of an unknown diversity of Leucinodes species damaging Solanaceae fruits in sub-Saharan Africa and moving in trade (Insecta, Lepidoptera, Pyraloidea). ZooKeys 472: 117-162. 
Population development trends in Russia and China in the 21st century. Currently, Russia and China are in an intermediate position between rich developed countries with declining indigenous populations and poor developing countries with a relatively fast-growing population. However, if China is the world leader in population size (1. 38 billion people), Russia, with its much larger territory, has almost ten times less population (144. 3 million). However, according to the UN forecasts both countries are facing the same challenge in the 21st century: it is a significant reduction in population size, which necessitates the identification of the prerequisites, causes and effects of the upcoming demographic transformations. This fact determined the purpose of this article -analysis of the population development in Russia and China in the first decades of the 21st century, identification of its differences and general trends. The research was based on statistics from the United Nations, the World Bank and the World Health Organization. The author analyzes the dynamics of population size, age structure, gender ratio, natural movement (fertility and mortality), life expectancy and mortality rate structure. Trends of population development both common for two countries and specific for each of them, were identified; according to the author, they should be taken into account in shaping responds to demographic challenges and in elaborating mechanisms for managing demographic processes. 
Message Strategy Effects for Risk-Reduction Campaigns during Health Crises. Advertising campaigns carried out by firms post-health crises have been well documented in the literature, but the results, in terms of their effectiveness in recovering demand, are mixed. This report examines the effect of risk-framed message appeal (aimed at reducing uncertainty about a product by elaborating upon new safety controls) on reductions in losses resulting from crises in comparison. The article develops a model that accounts for the effects of health crises and advertising with different information on sales. Using real market data, the study empirically shows that the choice of a risk-reduction advertising campaign has no significant on sales. 
Critical Success Factors of Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises in Saudi Arabia: Insights from Sustainability Perspective. The aim of this analysis is to explore the critical success factors (CSFs) of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Saudi Arabia. A questionnaire was developed using 28 factors/indicators identified from the previous researches. From 500 respondents, a total of 347 questionnaires were returned. By conducting exploratory factors analysis, these indicators were categorized into six factors, namely: Individual factors, business characteristics, management factors, business support, capital availability and business environment. Using IBM SPSS and AMOS, the results indicated that business support was the most critical factor that significantly affects the success of SMEs in Saudi Arabia, followed by individual factors, capital availability, and management factors. They also indicated that business characteristics and business environment factors had no significant impacts on the success of these enterprises. 
The Influence of the Characteristics of the National Business System in the Disclosure of Gender-Related Corporate Social Responsibility Practices. We analysed the influence of the characteristics of national business systems on the disclosure of gender-related corporate social responsibility practices by 150 companies in Latin America that signed the Declaration of Support for Women's Empowerment Principles. The highest level of disclosure was related to the establishment of high-level corporate leadership for gender equality. Results show that the country's level of "concentration of power" and "individualism", and the "orientation towards femininity" have a negative influence on the disclosure of gender-related practices; in addition, the country's level of "economic development" and the "pressure of unions" exert a positive influence. The results highlight the important role that some national and local institutions play in the women's empowerment, leading companies to report information on adopted practices. The study innovates and contributes by introducing the explanation of gender-related social disclosure with the national business system approach in Latin America. 
The Research on Venture Capital's Effect on Earnings Management of Listed Companies of GEM before IPO: Evidence from China. This article selects IPO firms of China GEM in 2009-2014 as the research object, using cross sectional modified Jones model to measure accrued earnings management, with the multiple regression method to discuss the effect of venture capital (VC) on earnings management before IPO. It shows that there is negative correlation between single VC and the earnings management before IPO, but no significant correlation between joint VC and the earnings management before IPO. This result is robust. In conclusion, single VC plays the role of certification and monitoring. While because of the incompleteness of the contracts, there are conflicts in the joint VC. It prevents joint VC from inhibiting the action of the earnings management. 
The Rise of a New Tourism Dawn in the Middle East. This report reports about the transformational changes that are taking place in the Middle East travel and tourism industries. Though some Middle Eastern countries are no longer dependent on religious tourism as their main driver; across the region, new diversified tourism portfolios are being developed. This report reports about the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's (KSA) existing and new tourism products, introduces the tourism offerings of selected neighboring Middle Eastern countries and identifies the challenges confronting the Middle East travel and tourism industries. 
On Value Premium, Part II: The Explanations. Much academic work has been done to prove that value premium exists. The center of debate however, lies on the reason for its existence. This report will be a survey on different explanations to the existence of value premium which includes risk premium for value stocks, judgmental bias and agency costs, data mining, survivorship bias and company size's premium. Among all, judgmental bias and agency costs comes out to be the one suffered from least counter-arguments. 
Diagnosis and Management of Elder Abuse by Family Physician. The purpose of this analysis is to investigate the difficulties encountered by primary care physicians in diagnosing and handling elderly abuse. A survey of the practice of 266 family physicians in France was conducted by email using a questionnaire during the fall of 2012. Statistical analysis was performed using a Chi-2 test for the comparison of two qualitative variables, and the Kruskal-Wallis test was used to compare a qualitative variable with an ordinal one. 77 physicians responded to the questionnaire. They are often faced with the phenomenon of mistreatment, including psychological abuse, of elderly people. They describe the diagnosis correctly but express management difficulties. These difficulties are due to lack of knowledge of the law and a lack of practical tools usable on a daily basis. These physicians call for better training regarding the law and clearer reporting procedures. Education and training in the legislative field must be improved. This conclusion has been reached before in previous surveys in the USA and Europe since the 1970s, which leads to the question as to whether full comprehension of the magnitude of the issue exists. Perhaps the complexity of medical practice requires that an anthropological approach should be taken to identify all the facets involved. 
Retirement plans for contingent workers: issues and options. This report examines retirement saving policy for independentor contingentworkers, a growing segment of the workforce. Because few of these workers are covered by employer-sponsored retirement plans, they often do not benefit from payroll deduction, employer matching contributions, automatic enrollment, and other provisions that encourage retirement saving. Better use of fintech, judicious changes to tax policy, and expanded Automatic IRAs would help independent workers save for retirement. In addition, we propose the creation of retirement saving accounts that attach to the worker as a supplement to, and possible replacement for, the current system of employer-sponsored accounts. 
Premium Risk Net of Reinsurance: From Short-Term to Medium-Term Assessment. Solvency II requirements introduced new issues for actuarial risk management in non-life insurance, challenging the market to have a consciousness of its own risk profile, and also investigating the sensitivity of the solvency ratio depending on the insurance risks and technical results on either a short-term and medium-term perspective. For this aim, in the present paper, a partial internal model for premium risk is developed for three multi-line non-life insurers, and the impact of some different business mixes is analyzed. Furthermore, the risk-mitigation and profitability impact of reinsurance in the premium risk model are introduced, and a global framework for a feasible application of this model consistent with a medium-term analysis is provided. Numerical results are also figured out with evidence of various effects for several portfolios and reinsurance arrangements, pointing out the main reasons for these differences. 
An Analysis of the Motivation of Customer Participation Value Co-Creation in the We-Media: A Study Based on Content Marketing. The value co-creation of customer participation is the prerequisite for the company to achieve commercial value from the we-media. This report starts from the content of the we-media environment elements to reveal the mechanism of value co-creation of customers' participation in we-media, and helps we-media managers to deliver the content customers need scientifically and efficiently, to increase their willingness to participate, and to realize value co-creation. Based on 227 valid questionnaires, this report uses SPSS 22. 0 and AMOS17. 0 to analyze the data and test the hypothesis. The empirical results show that: Practical Content and Interesting Content significantly positively affect the value co-creation of autonomous customer participation; Practical Content and Personalized Content significantly positively influence the Sponsored Value Co-creation. At the same time, Autonomous Value Co-creation also has a significant positive impact on the Sponsored Value Co-creation, and Autonomous Value Co-creation plays a role as a partial intermediary in the Sponsored Value Co-creation by Practical Content, and it is initiated in Interesting Content, the role of co-creation of value plays a role of a complete intermediary. 
On the Study of Reduced-Form Approach and Hybrid Model for the Valuation of Credit Risk. This report presents the study of reduced-form approach and hybrid model for the valuation of credit risk. Credit risk arises whenever a borrower is expecting to use future cash flows to pay a current debt. It is closely tied to the potential return of investment, the most notable being that the yields on bonds correlate strongly to their perceived credit risk. Credit risk embedded in a financial transaction, is the risk that at least one of the parties involved in the transaction will suffer a financial loss due to decline in creditworthiness of the counter-party to the transaction or perhaps of some third party. Reduced-form approach is known as intensity-based approach. This is purely probabilistic in nature and technically speaking it has a lot in common with the reliability theory. Here the value of firm is not modeled but specifically the default risk is related either by a deterministic default intensity function or more general by stochastic intensity. Hybrid model combines the structural and intensity-based approaches. While avoiding their difficulties, it picks the best features of both approaches, the economic and intuitive appeal of the structural approach and the tractability and empirical fit of the intensity-based approach. 
Non-Financial Information versus Financial as a Key to the Stakeholder Engagement: A Higher Education Perspective. In light of the increased demand for greater accountability and legitimacy, new disclosure mechanisms based on non-financial transparency have emerged. Universities cannot be left behind with respect to these social demands. In addition, continuous competition in excellence is driving higher education organizations to exhibit a greater visibility of their results, necessarily incorporating more non-financial aspects to boost stakeholder engagement. The novelty of this work lies in the analysis of the real state of non-financial vs. financial information in both public and private universities and in the exploration of their influence on stakeholder online engagement. To this end, a content analysis of the universities' web pages and Facebook profiles was conducted, and a multivariable linear regression analysis was performed. The main results show that private and larger universities that lead Webometrics for Google Scholar Citations, and those that have gradually been adopting financial reporting, are the most interested in implementing Facebook as a two-way communication strategy. It seems that stakeholders react more to financial transparency and, therefore, universities still prefer financial disclosure to improve accountability. 
One Belt One Road Initiative: New Route on China's Change of Course to Growth. China's One Belt One Road Initiative (OBOR) is an inclusive project that is pregnant to profound changes for International Political Economy but also for Chinese Political Economy. In 21st Century, when Chinese Political Economy is observed, it is to be seen that engines of the economy that once led China to development become the very problems that are distorting the development and growth today. Those problems make the "challenges of China" and they are deeply connected to each other making local operations ineffective in long term solutions. Hence, China is in need of a restructuring in social and economic architecture of the country that will not only enable a grand solution to those challenges but that will also guarantee the stability in domestic affairs. By employing One Belt One Road Initiative, China aims to achieve peace and harmony in her domestic structures regarding economy and society. Therefore, China's domestic challenges render One Belt One Road Initiative essential for the survival of a stable China. 
Study on the Cooling Effect of Attached Fins on PV Using CFD Simulation. The issue of efficiency decrease according to temperature increase is a pending problem in the PV market. Several active and passive technologies have been suggested but few quantitative studies on the estimation of the cooling effect have been carried out. In this analysis, a CFD (computational fluid dynamics) simulation model was developed to analyze a passive cooling technology using fins attached to the back of the PV module. Furthermore, a method to improve airflow at the back of the PV module by forming slits in the frame was analyzed. The simulation model reproduced the indoor test that uses a solar simulator and the cooling performance was analyzed according to the shape of the fins and the presence of slits. In the simulation results, the surface temperature and expected electrical efficiency without cooling were 62. 78 * C and 13. 24% respectively under nominal operating cell temperature conditions. Moreover, the temperature reduced by approximately 15. 13 * C because the fins attached at the bottom of the PV module increased the heat transfer area with airflow. Thus, the electrical efficiency according to the PV module temperature was predicted as 14. 39%. Furthermore, when slits were installed between the fins, they increased the airflow velocity and accelerated the formation of turbulence, thereby improving the cooling performance of the fins. The simulation results showed that the temperature could be further reduced by approximately 8. 62 * C at a lower air velocity. As the fins and slits can also reduce the non-uniformity of the temperature, they are expected to supplement the efficiency and durability reduction of the PV modules caused by the hot spot phenomenon. In addition, it was shown that slits in the frame could further improve the cooling performance of the fins at a low-velocity airflow. 
Applying the SDGs to Cities: Business as Usual or a New Dawn?. With growing urbanisation the sustainability of cities has become increasingly important. Although cities have been using indicators for a long time it is only in the last decades that attempts have been made to collate indicators into sets that reflect the many different aspects required to assess the sustainability of a city. The aim of this report is to review the evolution of indicators for monitoring sustainable urban development in order to understand how 'new' the indicators suggested by the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are for cities and the challenges they may face in using them. The review reveals that previous indicator sets emphasised environmental sustainability, health and economic growth. It is also shown that indicator sets that pre-date the SDGs lacked dimensions such as gender equality and reduced inequalities. In all, the SDG indicators provide the possibility of a more balanced and integrated approach to urban sustainability monitoring. At the same time, further research is needed to understand how to adapt the SDGs, targets and indicators to specific urban contexts. Challenges of local application include their large number, their generic characteristics and the need to complement them with specific indicators that are more relevant at the city level. 
Understanding the Society and Governance of Bangladesh through the Lens of Ibn Khaldun. This article attempts to ground the relevance and importance of 14th century's multifaceted social scientist Ibn Khaldun in the context of the overall social, cultural, economic and political journey of Bangladesh. The famous book of this eminent Muslim thinker the Mukaddimah is considered as the conceptual basis of this analysis. More precisely, from a sociological point of view, the article tries to examine Khaldun's concept of 'Asabyyah (solidarity), Umran (the nation) and Madaniyyah (civilization) in the context of Bangladesh. Doing so, a historical analysis of the society and culture of this delta will be portrayed first from Khaldun's framework of social interpretation. Then, the second part will focus on the continuous formation and reformation of Bangladesh as a state and as a unique society through its contemporary experiences at various social-cultural, economic and political contexts on the basis of both from local and global perspectives. The study gathers the nectar from the Muqadimmah, translation of the original text by Ibn Khaldun along with various journal or research papers by different scholars around the world. The study found that Khaldun's idea of 'Asabyyah is extensively applicable in explaining the historical, social and political process of Bangladesh. After discovering historical context, the study found that Khaldun can be considered one of the prime philosophers to address the future of the people of Bangladesh as a sustainable society and a proud nation through creating self-ego that will boost up its citizens in cooperating morally and intellectually from local to global. 
Inequality in Access to Improved Water Source: A Regional Analysis by Theil Index. This analysis applies Theil's second measure for looking into inequality in access to improved water source. This index allows inequalities to be broken up within and between groups. An analysis of 188 countries for the period 1990-2012 demonstrates three observations: first, decline in inequality in access to improved water source is characterized by both within-group and between-group inequality elements; second, between-group inequalities are at present the key contributor of the entire inequality scenario; and lastly, an inclusive study on within-group inequalities divulges the significant role played by Central and South American and Middle East countries towards increase in inequalities and countries pertaining to North America, Asia and Oceania, Africa, and Europe towards decline in inequalities. 
The Intra-Industry Trade of Palm Oil Commodity Between Indonesia and Malaysia. Globalization and trade liberalization promote the flow of goods and services between countries. In the international trade sector, the palm oil is one of Indonesia's main export commodities, as Indonesia is one of the largest exporters in the world. In addition to Indonesia, Malaysia is also one of the largest exporters of palm oil in the world. Even so, Indonesia and Malaysia mutually trade the palm oil commodities one another. In economics, the international trade involving products in the same industry is called intra-industry trade. The aims of this analysis is to analyze the intra-industry trade in the palm oil industry between Indonesia and Malaysia from 1989 to 2015. 
Can Images-As a Result of Processing Metaphorical Brain-Be Processed by Quantitative Metrics?. This report discusses the spatial and visual constraints of the prison as a military space. In an original design, we examine mental processes involved in images of the prison in general and of the Jilava prison as a concrete space. The qualitative approach develops an innovative methodology as scientific studies on brain are focused on the quantitative paradigm. The paper aims to examine the prison-in general-in terms of spatial cognition and to analyze the images of Jilava described by the students from the vantage point of quantitative metrics. A metaphoric description of the Romanian Jilava prison according to Ana Blandiana becomes the stimulus for the research based on interviews. Approximately, 130 students from the University of Bucharest were asked questions about the prison. The data collected were processed in terms of current neurosciences. The findings demonstrate that the results of content analysis of narratives are similar with quantitative investigations: the semantic network of judging images is involved in the visual and spatial representation of an object. To conclude, the results do not contradict the previous inferences concerning the paradox of the brain functioning (analogue and propositional code); spatial cognition is interrelated with social and moral cognition of the prison as a military space; images of Jilava confirm the role of implicit memory in visual and spatial representation. 
Research on the Urbanization of Rural Settlement in City Outskirt in China. Rapid urbanization in China makes construction and management of city outskirts a hot spot of the society. Empirically, this report compares characteristics of city outskirt rural settlements before and after urbanization from the aspects of society, facilities and intentions for settlement, thus pointing out features of changing during the urbanization of rural settlements in city outskirt, and puts forward solutions and proposals in terms of coping with the low-position challenges and soft environment construction under the background of the new trends. 
On the Relationship between Water Withdrawal and Income: Smooth Transition Regression (STR) Approach. The Purpose of this report is to investigate the relationship between annual water withdrawal (AWW) and income in some countries. To achieve this end, a smooth transition regression (STR) model on cross section data of 163 countries in 2006 was used. The findings support the nonlinearity of the link between AWW and income. The findings, further, reveal the income elasticity of AWW as a bible-shaped curve. Hence, the policies and management processes in water sector including water allocation between activities and reigns should take into account the development degree and also focus on income level, water scarcity and the economic, social and ecological structure in each country. 
Presenting an Innovation Model in Orange Technology. Nowadays, the technology is considered as a vital device to help people for consuming time, improving health, happiness and care. The path from green to orange is not only a shift learnt from green technology, but a cohesive image on the determination of technology to human civilization. Orange technology is regarded as an engine of renewal, the cross-disciplinary incorporation of humanities and technology, and the social working of promoting people care, happiness and health. The purpose of this report is to introduce orange technology as a strategy for technology expansion in the field of improving of human's life. Since orange technology is ground-breaking and new concept in the field of entrepreneurship, the current study presents an innovative approach that could be considered in the business arena. 
Religiosity and Spirituality: Is It an Appropriate Issue in Psychiatry and Psychotherapy? -Comparative Studies of Germany and South Korea. In patient-centred care, religious and spiritual needs and values of patients are increasingly underlined. The field of psychiatry and psychotherapy is no exception in this regard, so more attention and research are required. In addition to existing research, taking a further step, we would like to know whether there are any cultural differences in regard to staffs' religious and spiritual values, and their attitudes to deal with religious or spiritual issues in clinical settings. For that reason, comparative studies were conducted in Germany and Korea. As a result, we found that German psychiatric staffs have more positive perspectives on religion and related aspects than Korean, not only in their personal lives but also in therapeutic settings. Furthermore, some contradictions regarding religiosity and spirituality were shown in staffs' professional attitudes of both countries. Above all, in consideration of professional neutrality respondents are reluctant to handle such issues in therapeutic settings. For Korean psychiatric staffs, another important reason was that they are predominantly atheists or agonistics. German psychiatric staffs referred to have insufficient time. The kind of professionality which they are proclaiming to keep during the therapeutic processes is shown to be inadequate for several reasons. For genuinely wholistic care, more cross-cutural and in-depth studies are needed. Furthermore, professional self-contradictions deserve further attention and reflection, for the patients' sake. 
Poverty in Poland and the United States: A Comparison of Key Characteristics, Composition, and Prospects. This analysis provides a comparative approach to assess the state of Polish poverty. To do so, poverty in Poland and the United States is presented in terms of selected general, shared characteristics and particularly vulnerable societal groups. Using official, primarily income based, statistics for Poland and the United States, we conclude that a higher percentage of the overall population in the United States is poor and, relative to median country-specific incomes, that the US poverty is deeper than in Poland. In addition, more children, the elderly, and the disabled are poor in America than in Poland; the breadth of poverty is wider in the United States and, perhaps most importantly, may in some important ways also be more intractable. 
Emerging Technology and Business Model Innovation: The Case of Artificial Intelligence. Artificial intelligence (AI) has been altering industries as evidenced by Airbnb, Uber and other companies that have embraced its use to implement innovative new business models. Yet we may not fully understand how this emerging and rapidly advancing technology influences business model innovation. While many companies are being made vulnerable to new competitors equipped with AI technology, this analysis attempts to focus on the proactive side of the use of AI technology to drive business model innovation. Describing AI technology as the catalyst of business model innovation, this analysis sheds light on contingent factors shaping business model innovation initiated by the emerging technology. This analysis first provides a brief overview of AI, current issues being tackled in developing AI and explains how it transforms business models. Our case study of two companies that innovated their business models using AI shows its potential impact. We also discuss how executives can create an innovative AI-based culture, which rephrases the process of AI-based business model innovation. Companies that successfully capitalize on AI can create disruptive innovation through their new business models and processes, enabling them to potentially transform the global competitive landscape. 
Automotive leaf spring design and manufacturing process improvement using failure mode and effects analysis (FMEA). Nowadays human safety and comfort are the most considerable parameters in designing and manufacturing of a vehicle, that is why every organization ensures the quality and reliability of components used in the vehicle. Leaf spring is also a component of vehicle which plays an important role in human safety and comfort. It acts as a structural member and an integral part of suspension system. It is important to eliminate the failures in designing and manufacturing process of leaf springs because of its importance in functionality and safety of vehicle. In this research, failure mode and effects analysis has been used to analyze and reduce the risks of 42 possible failures that can occur in automotive leaf spring. It starts from determining, classifying, and analyzing all potential failures and then rating them with the help numeric scores. The four numeric scores namely severity, occurrence, detection, and Risk Priority Number (RPN) are used to find the high potential failures of semi-elliptical leaf springs. In the end, actions are recommended for RPN greater than 250, to increase quality and reliably of product. 
Pragmatizing democratic education in Botswana through business education: Countering the scourge of the diploma disease ABOUT THE AUTHORS. Meaningful and emancipatory education which empowers citizens as democrats is the ideal education which can propel the socio-economic and political fibre of nay nation-state. After independence, Botswana aligned her education system with the envisioned development process. The sad thing about this ambitious approach in Botswana is that it sought to produce citizens who would pragmatically be engaged in the development of a democratic nation-state yet the pedagogically approaches to education were at variance with pragmatic and empowering democratic education. The ultimate result became mass production of the educated or degreed citizens who could not penetrate the job market. Bookish and examinationoriented education which is far divorced from vocation and the realities of the job market ultimately results in the perpetuation of frustrated educated citizens who roam the streets as victims of the diploma disease. Botswana is traumatized by the diploma disease as evidenced by escalating figures of unemployed graduates. As such, this report argues that Botswana's education system should focus on the ideals of pragmatic democratic education by embracing and advancing Business Education which will empower citizens to develop vocational skills which they can utilize to create jobs for themselves, thus countering the current traumatic scourge of the diploma disease. 
Self-influence and self-reference are among the largely omitted, but quite substantial properties of thought systems in social sciences. These can have significant impact on the ways we can test such thought systems (theories), their applicability and reliability. This report defines the basic terms of self-influence, which contrary to self-reference, is sneaky and demonstrates in practice over longer periods of time. The outline of classification of self-influence presented in this report draws on notorious examples -CAPM and efficient market hypothesis. These examples show that philosophy has still much to tell about the methodology of science in economics. 
Application of Brusov-Filatova-Orekhova Theory (BFO Theory) and Modigliani-Miller Theory (MM Theory) in Rating. The paper is devoted to application of Brusov-Filatova-Orekhova theory (BFO theory) and Modigliani-Miller theory (MM theory) in rating. A serious modification of both theories in order to use them in rating procedure has been required. The financial "ratios" (main rating parameters) were introduced into both these theories. The necessity of an appropriate use of financial flows discounting in rating methodologies is discussed. The dependence of the weighted average cost of capital (WACC), which plays the role of discount rate, on coverage and leverage ratios is analyzed. The use of BFO theory allows applying obtained results for real economics, for companies with finite lifetime, introduce a factor of time into theory, estimate the creditworthiness of companies of arbitrary lifetime (or arbitrary age), introduce the financial flows discounting, using the correct discount rate etc. Obtained results made possible to use the power of these theories in the rating and create a new base for rating methodologies, by other words this allows develop a new approach to methodology of rating, requiring a serious modification of existing rating methodologies. The article is organized as follows: In Section 2, we modify for the first time the Modigliani-Miller theory (perpetuity limit of BFO theory) for rating needs and introduce the financial "ratios" (a direct and inverse) into this theory. As well we analyze here the dependence of company's weighted average cost of capital (WACC) on the coverage ratios and on the leverage ones. In Section 3, we discuss the method of evaluation of the discount rate with using one or a few financial "ratios". In Section 4, the conclusions con-How to cite this report: Brusov, P. N. , Filatova, T. V. , Orekhova, N. P. and Kulik, V. L. (2018) Application of Brusov-Filatova-Orekhova Theory (BFO Theory) and Modigliani-Miller Theory (MM Theory) in Rating. Theoretical Economics Letters, 8, 866-887. https://doi. 
Introducing a nitrogen conditioning to separate oxidative from non-oxidative ageing effects of hot mix asphalt Introducing a nitrogen conditioning to separate oxidative from non-oxidative ageing effects of hot mix asphalt. Bitumen used as a binder is subjected to ageing that leads to increased stiffness and brittleness. For the simulation of long-term ageing of hot mix asphalt (HMA), most methods are based on conditioning at high temperatures to increase oxidation. This report investigates the impact of non-oxidative / thermal and oxidative effects on long-term ageing of asphalt mix specimens in the laboratory and aims at separating these effects. Therefore, specimens are placed in a heating cabinet at different temperatures ranging from + 60degC to + 160degC. One part of the specimens is exposed to the air atmosphere, while the other part is stored under nitrogen atmosphere (N-VAPro). Thereby, oxidative ageing is avoided for the nitrogen-stored specimens and the combination of thermal effects can be separated from oxidative effects. The changes in the material behaviour of HMA as a result of the different ageing regimes are investigated by stiffness tests at intermediate temperatures. Furthermore, Dynamic Shear Rheometer (DSR) tests are carried out on virgin, aged binder (RTFOT, RTFOT + PAV) as well as on recovered bitumen of both conditioning groups. The results indicate that conditioning temperatures must be kept below 110degC to prevent the asphalt mixtures from non-oxidative ageing effects. However, atmospheric air conditioning for HMA specimens is only suitable as a long-term ageing procedure for temperatures above 110degC to increase the oxidation rate to an efficient rate. This threshold temperature can also be seen as the limit value for lab-ageing procedures that should not be exceeded to avoid non-oxidative ageing effects that cannot occur in the field due to limited maximum temperatures. Furthermore, a double exponential increase with the ageing temperature on the binder level was shown. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Strategic Asset Seeking and Innovation Performance: The Role of Innovation Capabilities and Host Country Institutions. Peering through the lenses of the strategic intent perspective and strategic fit paradigm, in this analysis, we seek to examine the contingent conditions under which emerging market multinational enterprises (EMNEs) with strategic asset seeking (SAS) intent can achieve improved innovation performance. We developed a contingency model of how the relationship between SAS intent and innovation performance is contingent on the moderating effects of firms' innovation capability and institutional quality in the host country, as well as on the synergistic interaction of independent moderating effects from these two factors. We combined survey data from 320 Chinese MNEs with archival data to test our hypotheses. Our results show that SAS intent can lead to positive innovation performance when (a) the investing firm has developed high levels of innovation capability, and (b) synergistic interactions exist between institutional quality and firms' innovation capability regarding their moderating effect on the SAS intent-innovation performance link. 
The Role of Policy Fundamentals in Fostering Economic Growth in Developing Countries. This report examines the role of policy fundamentals in fostering economic growth in developing countries. Based on data from the World Bank for the 2000-2011 period and a sample of sixty-two developing economies we find that the growth rate of per capita GDP is dependent on a country's investments in human capital as measured by the share of the public sector in total health expenditure and by the relative size of public education in the government's budget, on an enabling business environment as measured by two Doing Business indicators, namely the cost of starting a business as a percent of per capita income and the number of days required to enforce contracts, and by the share of losses due to theft, robbery, vandalism, and arson in sales as reported in the enterprise surveys, on the depth of the credit information index and the share of domestic credit provided by the banking sector in the GDP, on the initial level of per capita GDP, and on the share of the net inflow of foreign direct investment (FDI) in the GDP. We observe that the coefficient estimates of two explanatory variables, namely, the share of the public sector in total health expenditure and by the relative size of public education in the government's budget, do not have their expected sign, possibly to the collinearity between these variables and the cost of starting a business as a percent of per capita income as well as with the initial level of per capita GDP. In addition, the share of the public sector in total health expenditure is not significant via using the t-test. We suspect that this is also due to the collinearity between this variable and the cost of starting a business as a percent of per capita income as well as with the initial level of per capita GDP. Statistical results of such empirical examination will assist governments in developing countries and focus on appropriate policy fundamentals in order to foster economic growth. 
A Statistical-Based Framework for Predicting Supplier's Behavior to Quality Requirement Changes in Supply Chain. Companies-manufacturers have to deal with demand and supply uncertainties. They need to adjust to changing customer needs and to be able to pass new quality requirements through the supply chain. Even if suppliers' performance is satisfactory in stable environment, they can behave differently in dynamic situation. Some suppliers can fail to meet new quality requirements or even quit the supply chain. Underestimation of suppliers' motivation can lead to loss of sales, customers, and can face the situation of need of new supplier search. The goal of this report is to highlight an importance of consideration of informal factors in relationships with supply chain and to discuss a methodology of approach to predict high risk suppliers for changing quality requirements. 
Impact of Fiscal Policy on Consumption and Labor Supply under a Time-Varying Structural VAR Model. This report investigates the impact of fiscal policy on private consumption and labor supply in the UK economy using time-varying parameter vector autoregression (TVP-VAR) with stochastic volatility for the period Q2 1987 to Q2 2017. It considers fiscal variables such as government expenditure and net tax revenue and evaluates their impact on private consumption and average hours worked per week. Three sample periods were selected and two approaches were used to identify impulse responses, first taking the average of stochastic volatility over the sample period, and then allowing for sign restrictions based on contemporaneous relationships among the selected variables. The study found a negative wealth effect of public spending on private consumption and a positive effect on hours worked, as people tend to work more hours to maintain the same standard of living. Similarly, a tax shock generates negative effects on consumption but the impact on worked hours remains unclear over a three-year time horizon. These findings are almost consistent across sample periods and alternative specifications of impulse responses. This is one of only a few studies to determine the linkages between fiscal policy and the labor market using a macroeconomic framework. 
On the Design of Effective E-Commerce Applications: An ISO-Based Lifecycle Model. The provision of services as e-commodities and the wide use of networked business models have driven buyer experience to new heights. Innovation, coupled with quality is the competitive advantage e-commerce vendors strive to achieve when designing or re-designing their software. In terms of quality, evaluation stood in the spotlight for many years. However, software analysis and design based on quality models have been used mostly for understanding, rather than improving. In this work, we present a new model for the analysis and design of e-commerce software systems mapped to the software life-cycle process. Quality control procedures are mapped to every phase, from initiation and design to delivery. Based on current ISO standards such as ISO25000 series, this work discusses technical and managerial principles that need to be applied in order to obtain quality e-commerce software. 
Research on the Cultivation of Cold Chain Logistics Talents in Colleges and Universities in Liaoning Province under the Background of Supply-Side Reform. There are no colleges and universities training cold chain logistics talents, that is why there is serious contradiction between supply and demand in "quality" and "quantity" of cold-chain logistics talents. So this thesis first defines the definition and classification of cold chain logistics talents, then it analyzes the current situation and existing problems of cold chain logistics personnel training in Liaoning Province. At last the paper studies on cold chain logistics talents educational system including train objective, course offered, teaching staff, examination mode and so on in colleges and universities of Liaoning Province in the context of supply-side reform. 
Land Use Change from Biofuels Derived from Forest Residue: A Case of Washington State. Biofuel policy in the United States is transitioning away from corn towards second-generation biofuels in part because of the debate over environmental damages from indirect land use change. We combine a spatially explicit parcel level model for land use change in Washington State with simulations for biofuel policy aimed at utilizing forest residue as feedstock. Using a spatially explicit model provides greater precision in measuring net returns to forestland and development and indicates which areas will be most impacted by biofuel policy. The effect of policy is simulated via scenarios of increasing net returns to forestry and of siting feedstockprocessing plants. Our results suggest that forestland will increase from such a policy, leading to a net reduction in atmospheric carbon from indirect land use change. This is in contrast to the experience of corn ethanol where the change in carbon emissions is potentially positive and large in magnitude. 
Financial constraints and the growth and survival of innovative start-ups: An analysis of Italian firms. We study the impact of measures devoted to relieving financial constraints for the growth and survival of Italian innovative start-ups. Using balance sheet data on innovative start-ups and information on the use of the Italian Central Guarantee Fund for small and medium-sized enterprises, we evaluate whether access to the fund, relieving financial constraints, helps innovative start-ups survive and grow. We find innovative start-ups benefit significantly more than similar control firms. We shed light on the relevance of policies aimed at reducing financial constraints for the growth and survival of innovative start-ups, an issue receiving increasing attention at the European level. 
Are Eurozone Fixed Income Markets Integrated? An Analysis Based on Wavelet Multiple Correlation and Cross Correlation. This report investigates the synchronization of fixed income markets within Eurozone countries using the new wavelet based methodology. Conventional wavelet methods that use multivariate set of variables to calculate pairwise correlation and cross correlation lead to spurious correlation due to possible relationships with other variables, amplification of type-1 errors, and results, in the form of large set of erroneous graphs. Given these disadvantages of conventional wavelet based pairwise correlation and crosscorrelation method, we avoid these limitations by using wavelet multiple correlation and multiple cross correlations to analyze the relationships in Eurozone fixed income markets. Our results based on this methodology indicate that Eurozone fixed income markets are highly integrated and this integration grows with timescales, and hence there is almost no scope for independent monetary policy and bond diversification in these countries. 
Recapitalization in an Economy with State-Owned Banks-A DSGE Framework. What are the quantitative effects of a government infused bank recapitalization in response to loan defaults? We analyze two different scenarios of government infused recapitalization using a dynamic stochastic general equilibrium (DSGE) model, calibrated to an emerging market economy with state owned banks. The first is an unconditional transfer and the second is an "equity in exchange for transfer" to banks. We show that a government infused recapitalization in response to a negative productivity shock may increase output in the short run. However, there is welfare loss, which is higher in the case of unconditional transfers. Our analysis suggests that bank recapitalization facilitates credit creation, capital formation and growth, especially during a cyclical downturn. There is however a need for appropriate policy vigil to protect the quality of public expenditure in the social sector that matters for welfare in the long run. 
A turnaround strategy: improving equity in order to achieve quality of care and financial sustainability in Italy. Background: Equity, financial sustainability, and quality in healthcare are key goals embraced by universal health systems. However, systematic performance management strategies for achieving equity are still weaker than those aimed at achieving financial sustainability and quality of care. Using a vertical equity perspective, the overarching aim of this report is to examine how improving equity in quality of care impacts on financial sustainability. We applied a simulation to indicators of the heart failure clinical pathway in Tuscany (central Italy), in order to quantify the equity gaps and financial resources that could be reallocated in the absence of performance inequities. Methods: The analysis included all patients hospitalized for heart failure as a principal diagnosis in 2014. We selected five indicators: hospitalization rate, 30-day readmission, cardiology visits, and the utilization of beta-blockers, and ACE inhibitors and sartans. For each indicator, the simulation followed three steps: 1) stratification by socioeconomic status (SES), using education as a proxy for SES; 2) computation of the vertical equity indicator; and 3) assessment of the financial value of the equity gap. Results: All indicators showed performance gaps regarding inequities across SES-groups. For the hospitalization rate and 30-day readmission, resources could have been reallocated, if the performance of patients with a low SES had been equal to the performance of patients with a high SES, which amounted to EUR2,144,422 and EUR892,790 respectively. In contrast, limited additional resources would have been required for prescriptions and cardiology visits. 
Social Research in the Light of the German Sociologist Georg Simmel in Comparison with Chinese Sociology. The German sociologist and philosopher Georg Simmel is internationally known as the founder of Formal Sociology. I take the centenary of his death as a welcome opportunity to remember the beginning of modern social sciences. The current state of European and American relational sociology can be interpreted as a revival of Simmel's method and principles of social research directed to a phenomenology of genesis. From the genetic point of view Simmel considers individuality, creativity, fragmentation and conflict the typical characteristics of modern society. Consequently, his Formal Sociology should be called "Genetic Sociology" instead of Relational Sociology. This report has the aim to make Simmel's legacy known to Chinese sociologists and cultural philosophers. Concluding, I highlight the essential differences between the German and the Chinese way of seeing the world of social life, and I propose issues for change. 
The Study on Migration and Poverty Alleviation Planning of Daning County. In order to promote the economic development of Daning County and guarantee the people's livelihood, this report made an overall analysis on progress of migration and poverty alleviation in the past five years. At the same time, considering the existing problems, the paper made a plan to advance migration and poverty alleviation of the next few years and provided a reference for the migration and poverty alleviation work of Daning County in the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan period. This report selected the relocated families as the research object, interviewed and surveyed six administrative villages under the migration and poverty alleviation policy, and collected relevant information and data. Besides, the authors read a lot of literatures and used many analysis methods such as field investigation, literature analysis, case analysis and reference contrast to study the advances, benefits, existing problems and choke points of migration and poverty alleviation work in Daning County. Finally, the paper made a brief plan on the migration and poverty alleviation work in Daning County of the next few years. 
A Typology Framework for Trade-Offs in Development and Disaster Risk Reduction: A Case Study of Typhoon Haiyan Recovery in Tacloban, Philippines. Development and disaster risk are deeply linked. Disasters reverse development gains; development initiatives influence the risk, vulnerability, and exposure of people, assets, and environments to disasters. Hence, knowledge of key dimensions of the potential trade-offs between development and disaster risk reduction (DRR) may inform decision-making processes, goals, and initiatives in ways that have potential to address unsustainable development practices that are commonplace in countries of all economic levels. This report presents, explores, and tests a conceptual framework for analysing the trade-offs that underpin this relationship as evidenced through policy goals, initiatives, and decision-making processes. We categorise key dimensions of relevant trade-offs into five specific dimensions: (i) The aggregation of development and DRR gains and losses, (ii) risk prioritisation when seeking to reduce multiple risks, (iii) the equity of decision-making processes and outcomes, (iv) the balancing of near-and long-term goals, and (v) the distribution of power and participation. By framing key questions related to each trade-off dimension, we test the framework in the context of a major disaster recovery process in Tacloban, the Philippines, following Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) in November 2013. We consider how decision-making trade-offs can be made more visible and useful in the pursuit of transformative change in development and DRR. 
In China, new generation entrepreneurs are gradually becoming the main force of intergenerational inheritance. New generation entrepreneurs have different educational background, growth experience and personality characteristics from the old generation entrepreneurs. They are endowed with the historical mission of an innovative generation. Therefore, it is of great significance to reveal the key factors influencing their innovative behavior and find out how to inspire their innovative behavior. Based on grounded theory and in-depth interviews, this analysis used NVivo 11 to deal with the recording materials. After a series of steps including open coding, spindle coding, selective coding and theoretical saturation test, it constructed a theoretical model of innovative behavior and innovative performance for new generation entrepreneurs. The purpose of this analysis was to improve the theory of entrepreneur innovation behavior and provide guidance for government to cultivate innovative spirit and innovative ability of new generation entrepreneurs. The research showed that: (1) New generation entrepreneurs' personal traits and educational background affect their perceptions of innovation. (2) Risk awareness, understanding of innovation content and social capital would influence innovation behaviors. (3) Innovation behaviors further lead to changes in organization performance. Therefore, government should provide more opportunities for new generation entrepreneurs to widen their knowledge, social resources and innovation environment. [5] regarded the new generation entrepreneurs as the most dynamic and innovative group in this era and the essential group of new economic development. Through the analysis of many existing studies, it is found that scholars mostly take the new generation entrepreneurs from Zhejiang and Jiangsu as the research objects to explore the growth and characteristics of the new generation entrepreneurs. For example, some scholars have studied the role of schools, enterprises and families in the formation of entrepreneurship among adolescents, and explored how to promote the formation of a new generation of entrepreneurship among adolescents [6,7]. Some scholars have studied how to guide the new generation private entrepreneurs to generate innovative will and put it into practice [8,9]. In addition, considering the characteristics of new generation entrepreneurs, Fan and Lu (2019) [10] put forward some suggestions to promote the healthy growth of private entrepreneurs from the perspectives of capacity-building mechanism, political participation mechanism and social participation mechanism. However, research on influencing factors of the new generation entrepreneurs' innovation behaviors and innovation performances is seldom performed [8]. For example, Chen (2007) [11] defined the identities of the new generation entrepreneurs by sorting out the growth processes of the old generation entrepreneurs and positioned the new generation entrepreneurs as the main force to carry the national economic revitalization in the development of socialist market economy. Jiang and Cao (2016) [12] studied the value orientations and political guidance of the new generation entrepreneurs. They found that the value orientations of the new generation entrepreneurs were mostly positive and healthy, but there were still problems in political cognition, political participation and their own development. Entrepreneurs are the decision makers of enterprise. The cultivation mechanism of the new generation entrepreneurs should be formulated by means of government guidance, enterprise leadership and social participation. That is to say, we should take thematic activities as the carrier and focus on promoting the development concept; and take "one-to-one" contact as a platform, and strive to broaden communication channels. With multi-directional training as the starting point, we should strive to improve the overall quality. With excellent service as the main line, efforts should be made to optimize the development environment [13]. 
An Analysis of Regional Income Variation in the United. This report investigates the variation of per capita personal income among counties within each state from 1969-2013. Department of Commerce BEA data and Department of Labor BLS data for 1969 to 2013 are analyzed. This analysis follows up on previous analysis of U. S. regional income variation by adjusting time series estimates for serial correction and using random effects models for panel data analysis. In addition, potential short-run disruption of a longer run trend is investigated by including an unemployment rate variable into the model. Results suggest that a general pattern of per capita income divergence has transpired in recent decades, contrary to conventional expectations of convergence. 
Special Issue on Design Science in Organizations A Design Research Business Model: A Framework Built with Brazilian Farmers Editor-in-chief: Carlo Gabriel Porto Bellini Editorial assistant: Luciane Kato Kiwara. This analysis aimed to propose a business model framework for Brazilian agriculture from an integrative perspective between theory and practice. To do so, Design Research was adopted from the triangulation of data, combining primary and secondary data collection, a systematic review of the literature on the business model and its main frameworks. Field research included the application of a questionnaire with 531 producers and an in-depth interview with another 30 to capture their insight into the factors that influence their business performance. The results of the study revealed that unlike other sectors, which have customers as the central point of the business value generation proposal, in commercial agriculture organizations occupy this place, as they are focused on the production of commodities. In view of this, the proposed artifact has financial viability as the central pillar of the agricultural business model, with production costs, product sales prices and agricultural productivity as its main components. 
CENNA: Cost-Effective Neural Network Accelerator. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are widely adopted in various applications. State-of-the-art CNN models deliver excellent classification performance, but they require a large amount of computation and data exchange because they typically employ many processing layers. Among these processing layers, convolution layers, which carry out many multiplications and additions, account for a major portion of computation and memory access. Therefore, reducing the amount of computation and memory access is the key for high-performance CNNs. In this analysis, we propose a cost-effective neural network accelerator, named CENNA, whose hardware cost is reduced by employing a cost-centric matrix multiplication that employs both Strassen's multiplication and a naive multiplication. Furthermore, the convolution method using the proposed matrix multiplication can minimize data movement by reusing both the feature map and the convolution kernel without any additional control logic. In terms of throughput, power consumption, and silicon area, the efficiency of CENNA is up to 88 times higher than that of conventional designs for the CNN inference. 
International Journal of. A study was conducted to assess the incidence and economics of subclinical form of bovine mastitis in Central Region of India. Daily milk records of 187 animals during three seasons were collected and subjected to analysis. The economic loss due to reduction in yield, clinical expenses, and additional resources used were quantified and aggregated. The losses due to mastitis in monetary terms were estimated to be INR1390 per lactation, among which around 49% was owing to loss of value from milk and 37% on account of veterinary expenses. Higher losses were observed in crossbred cows due to their high production potential that was affected during mastitis period. The cost of treating an animal was estimated to be INR509 which includes cost of medicine (31. 10%) and services (5. 47%). Inadequate sanitation, hygiene, and veterinary services were the main predisposing factors for incidence and spread of mastitis as perceived by the respondents. 
The Power of the Will of Faith and the Point of View of Islam. In this report we present the Will of Faith and the Point of View of Islam confronting the free world because of its adherence to the principle of economic freedom, which calls for the rule "let him work, let him pass. " This principle has brought about deep inequality between the rich and the poor, where the rich are a bit more than 10% of the population possessing 90% of the wealth, whereas the rest of the population does not have more than 10% of it. This is due to the wrong view of the free world about the economic problem caused by the relative scarcity based on Metros theory. In his theory, Matros, argues that the increase of population follows the engineering progression (1, 2, 4, 8, 16, ***) and the arithmetical progression on the increase of the wealth (1,2,3,4,5,6). This theory has been adopted by the free doctrine people to solve the problem by increasing the size of the national income without intervening in the distribution of wealth that would reach the hands of each individual. Hence, the one who has the wealth is the one having the capital. Islam, on the other hand, believes that the economic problem is due to bad distribution of wealth and that solving the problem is achieved by ensuring the accessibility of wealth by each citizen, increasing production, and controlling contracts and conditions. The related work that the power of will over contracts and conditions through controlling the possession of wealth and fair distribution of it guarantees the needs of each individual and creates an economic balance so as to prevent the encroachment of the individual on society and the encroachment of society on the individual. 
Corruption, Growth, and Taxation *. Several empirical papers have shown that corruption is an impediment to growth, as it mainly constitutes hindrance to investment. While there are few theoretical studies linking corruption and growth, none of the existing papers can explain the fall in the growth-maximizing tax rate of the economy following reduction in corruption. We present an endogenous growth model where corruption hinders investment and decreases the growth-maximizing tax rate of the economy. Incentives to invest in private capital fall as the corrupt government diverts some portion of the tax revenue away from investment in public capital that has an impact on the return of private inputs. We show, using a nonlinear (concave) relationship between the intensity of corruption and the amount of wasted resources that reducing corruption can be beneficial not only to growth, but to the average taxpayer in the economy as the tax rate would fall. 
Microcredit in Bangladesh: Impact on Borrowers' Social Mobility Revisited. In Bangladesh, microcredit program has been in function for almost half a century. Though popularly termed as a tool for poverty alleviation and women empowerment, criticism about microcredit program's actual effectiveness isn't new. This analysis attempts to evaluate the impact of such programs by measuring borrowers' social mobility. Using a multidimensional approach, different associated indicators were taken into account for measurement. Quantitative method was used. Based on a non-probability sampling, 107 microcredit borrowers were selected for conducting interview schedules. Statistical analysis of data reveals that those who have been taking loans for several number of years have all managed to increase their income level to a variety of extent, but only those have gained some sort of mobility who have been taking loans for more than 4 -5 years and have taken 5 times or more. Few of them have actually moved from microcredit to become a microfinance client by taking bigger amount of loans and having savings. Positive responses about the indicators being used in the study were found among the handful of those who have mobilized significantly. In true sense, most of the borrowers are stuck at the bottom end of socio-economic ladder and are struggling to manage a better living standard. 
Effect of Competition and Regulation on MFIs Outcomes in India. The purpose of this report is to examine the effect of competition and regulation on Microfinance Institutions (MFIs) outcomes in India. Using data for 60 MFIs from the MIX Market database for a period of five years from 2008-09 to 2012-13, panel models are estimated for the empirical examinations. In the modeling framework, constructed Lerner's Index as competition proxy and regulate dummy as regulatory intervention proxy are introduced as interest variables along with the MFI specific and Macro specific control variables to examine their effect on MFIs outcomes. The study reveals that competition strengthens the outreach, promotes operating efficiency, deteriorates the loan portfolio quality and adversely affects the MFIs profitability. While the regulatory intervention creates some accommodative space for the MFI borrowers, improves MFIs efficiency partially and dampens loan repayments and portfolio quality and profitability via "roe" in India. Our results have also implications on MFIs, fund provider, regulator, government and policy research practitioners. This analysis contributes towards filling gap in the literature by extending the analysis of the effect of competition and regulation on MFI outcomes to a cross-section of states in India in a panel data framework. 
ECONOMIC SITUATION OF MILK PRODUCERS AND THEIR OPINIONS REGARDING TAXATION OF THIS AGRICULTURAL ACTIVITY. For many years, Poland has been looking for a new taxation structure for income from agricultural activities in place of the agricultural tax which is still a basic burden for Polish farms. The study presents the results of the tax awareness analysis carried out in the selected group of farmers i. e. those involved in the cow's milk production (32), so as to conclude, on this basis, on the assessment of tax fiscalism among this professional group. Tax burdens, both within the entire taxation system, as well as within new tax solutions, are perceived and expressed in a subjective way. The overall assessment of the tax system in terms of social expectations and reactions is dependent on, inter alia, the level of education of taxpayers, legal awareness, prevailing attitudes towards taxation. The results of the presented studies have shown a low level of tax awareness among farmers. The primary source of knowledge on taxes, including tax reliefs, are other farmers and information from tax authorities. The fiscal burden of taxes paid for the analysed group of farmers is not large. Few of them consider the following taxes as at least significant fiscal burden: agricultural tax (21. 9%), real property tax (21. 9%) or forestry tax (3. 1%). According to the surveyed, the reasons for non-payment of taxes are mainly economic. The respondents consider the agricultural tax structure as appropriate. Most of the surveyed (56. 3%) hold a negative attitude towards introducing the income tax on farmers and their agricultural activity. If it was to be introduced, it should be accompa-. 
International Journal of Financial Studies How Does the Financial Crisis Affect Volatility Behavior and Transmission Among European Stock Markets?. The spread of the global financial crisis of 2008/2009 was rapid, and impacted the functioning and the performance of financial markets. Due to the importance of this phenomenon, this analysis aims to explain the impact of the crisis on stock market behavior and interdependence through the study of the intraday volatility transmission. This report investigates the patterns of linkage dynamics among three European stock markets-France, Germany, and the UK-during the global financial crisis, by analyzing the intraday dynamics of linkages among these markets during both calm and turmoil phases. We apply a VAR-EGARCH (Vector Autoregressive Exponential General Autoregressive Conditional Heteroscedasticity) framework to high frequency five-minute intraday returns on selected representative stock indices. We find evidence that interrelationship among European markets increased substantially during the period of crisis, pointing to an amplification of spillovers. In addition, during this period, French and UK markets herded around German market, possibly explained by behavior factors influencing the stock markets on or near dates of extreme events. Germany was identified as the hub of financial and economic activity in Europe during the period of study. These findings have important implications for both policymakers and investors by contributing to better understanding the transmission of financial shocks in Europe. 
Research on Transplanted Design of Mobile-Terminal-Based Educational Games. The number of educational games developed in mobile terminals becomes more and more. The types can be divided into transplanted development and innovative development. Transplanted design is based on existed educational games, and the games are redesigned into mobile terminals, but they have problems about poor user experience and too many similarities between them. This report analyses the causes of these phenomena and gives some suggestions. According to games from personal computers, their interaction styles should be redesigned. 
Enhancing Performance of Participatory Water Institutions in the Eastern Indo-Gangetic Plains: What Can We Learn from New Institutional Economics and Governance Theories?. The paper examines the performance of participatory water institutions in India's Eastern Indo-Gangetic plains region using new institutional economics and management governance fundamentals. Water institutions are of great importance for water resource management in India's Eastern Indo-Gangetic plains since the region has relatively abundant water but lags behind significantly in economic development and growth with a high incidence of poverty. Engineering solutions to water management have been implemented but have not given good results principally because of weak institutional development and design in the region. Effective and efficient participatory water institutions are urgently needed. The research uses concepts from new institutional economics and management governance theory to build a conceptual framework for explaining the performance of participatory water institutions. The framework identifies eight institutional rationalities: technical, environmental, economic, social, political organizational, financial and government; as well as five institutional features: clear objectives, good interaction, adaptiveness, right scale, and compliance, as linked to performance. Based on this, a survey instrument was developed and a survey conducted obtaining responses from more than 500 households across 51 such institutions in the eastern Indo-Gangetic plains states of Assam and Bihar. The data were analyzed through statistical and econometric techniques including Ordered-Probit. The results support the relevance of the concepts in explaining performance of water institutions, and a number of drivers of performance were identified through Ordered-Probit, particularly, four rationalities-technical, economic, social and organizational, (with coefficients (0. 4622, 0. 3803, 0. 4303, 0. 2457) and three institutional features-good interaction, adaptiveness and appropriate scale (with coefficients 0. 4242, 0. 2703, 0. 6756) (based on a 5-point Likert scale), as playing a positive and significant role in enhancing performance. The results provide a number of useful insights which can help guide interventions and policy towards better design and development of the water institutions, and help improve water resource management and livelihoods in the region. 
Research on the Consumer Finance System of Ant Financial Service Group. This report takes the Ant Financial Service Group as an example and analyzes the development pattern of its consumer finance system. The Ant Financial Service Group developed from an e-commerce platform. Its consumer finance system takes full advantages of the large amount of data which is accumulated from the e-commerce platform. This kind of development mode can realize the win-win development of e-commerce platform and Internet consumer finance, which has the reference significance to the development of other consumer finance platforms. 
The Influence of Emotional Labor on Turnover Intention of Hotel Employees: Mediating Effect of Emotional Dissonance. Based on the theory of emotional labor, this analysis explored the relationship between emotional labor and turnover intention of hotel staff by constructing intermediary effect model. The employees of different hotels in Guangdong province in China were investigated by emotional labor scale, emotional dissonance scale and turnover intention scale. The results showed that the hotel staff paid more deep acting than surface acting in emotional labor; emotional dissonance and turnover intention were in the middle level. There were differences in the deep acting of employees in education level and job position; emotional dissonance had significant differences in education level; and turnover intention had significant differences in working years. The surface acting of emotional labor had a significant positive correlation with emotional dissonance and turnover intention. Emotional dissonance had a completely mediating effect between surface acting and turnover intention. 
The Research on the Psychological Motivation of the Encroach Behavior of the Ultimate Controlling Shareholder Keywords. Under the pyramid shareholding structure, the departure of the control right and the cash flow right of the ultimate controlling shareholder has enhanced the desire of the ultimate controlling shareholders of the listed companies to occupy, weighing the pros and cons, when the ultimate controlling shareholders think that the income of the encroach behavior is much more than the cost, he will encroach the listed company. The ultimate controlling shareholders' embezzlement infringes the interests of small and medium-sized shareholders seriously, at the same time, it brings serious negative effects on the long-term development of the listed companies, it even produces negative effect on the healthy development of capital market in China, so the study on the encroach behavior of the ultimate controlling shareholders is extremely essential. Based on the theory of psychological ownership, this report conducts an in-depth study on the psychological motivation of the encroach behavior of the ultimate controlling shareholder. The study found that: under the pyramid shareholding structure, the control right of the ultimate controlling shareholder and the cash flow right depart, consequently, the control right of the ultimate controlling shareholders of the listed companies is greater than the cash flow right. The control right will influence the individual's psychological ownership right by three ways of information, assets and influence, and the ultimate controlling shareholder himself will produce psychological ownership via efficiency, self-recognition, having space and social exchange. The psychological ownership will lead to the expected earnings of ultimate controlling shareholders in the psychological level, but the real return of the ultimate controlling shareholder is determined by the cash flow right aka the corresponding proportion of share bonus, in the case of the separation of two rights, the expected income and actual income of the ultimate controlling shareholder will be misplaced, in order to compensate the income gap, the ultimate controlling shareholder will take encroach behavior to get more profit. 
The Role of Mineral Sea Water Bonding Process with Graphite-Aluminum Electrodes as Electric Generator. The development of alternative ecofriendly electric energy production technology is very essential. The development of electric generator by using sea water element to boost electron jump in electrode has been studied. The aim of this research is to develop an electrode material composite that can collaborate with sea water to produce electricity. The electrodes tested are copper, aluminum, activated carbon, wood powder, and graphite electrode powder. The result shows that each electrode produces different voltage when interacting with sea water. It is caused by the patterns of the electron movement disrupted by the electron of sea water in producing a new compound. The composite of graphite-aluminum generates high electricity of about 580 mV compared to other materials. The electrical conductivity of graphite material depends on the particle size which is larger at smaller particle size. This research elucidates the role of sea water elements in boosting kinetic energy of delocalized electron on graphite resulting in an electron jump. 
A section of the journal Frontiers in Neuroscience Citation: The Effects of Money on Fake Rating Behavior in E-Commerce: Electrophysiological Time Course Evidence From Consumers. Online ratings impose significant effects on the behaviors of potential customers. Thus, online merchants try to adopt strategies that affect this rating behavior, and most of these strategies are connected to money, such as the strategies of returning cash coupons if a consumer gives a five-star rating (RI strategy, an acronym for "returning" and "if") or returning cash coupons directly with no additional requirements (RN strategy, an acronym for "returning" and "no"). The current study explored whether a certain strategy (RN or RI) was more likely to give rise to false rating behaviors, as assessed by event-related potentials. A two-stimulus paradigm was used in this experiment. The first stimulus (S1) was the picture of a product with four Chinese characters that reflected the product quality (slightly defective vs. seriously defective vs. not defective), and the second stimulus (S2) displayed the coupon strategy (RN or RI). The participants were asked to decide whether or not to give a five-star rating. The behavioral results showed that the RI strategy led to a higher rate of five-star ratings than the RN strategy. For the electrophysiological time courses, the N1, N2, and LPP components were evaluated. The slightly defective products elicited a larger amplitude of the N1 component than the seriously defective and not-defective products, reflecting that perceptual difficulty was associated with the processing of the slightly defective products. The RI strategy evoked a less negative N2 and a more positive LPP than the RN strategy, indicating that the subjects perceived less conflict and experienced stronger incentives when processing the RI strategy. These findings will benefit future studies of fake online comments and provide evidence supporting the policy of forbidding the use of the RI strategy in e-commerce. 
The Fundamental Equity Premium and Ambiguity Aversion in an International Context. Stocks are riskier than bonds. This causes a risk premium for stocks. That the size of this premium, however, seems to be larger than risk aversion alone can explain the so-called "equity premium puzzle". One possible explanation is the inclusion of a degree of ambiguity in stock returns to account for an additional ambiguity premium, whose size depends on the degree of ambiguity aversion among investors. It is, however, difficult to test this empirically. In this report, we compute the first firm-level estimation of equity premium based on the internal rate of return (IRR) approach for a total of N = 28,256 companies in 54 countries worldwide. Using a survey of international data on ambiguity aversion, we find a strong and robust relation between equity premia and ambiguity aversion. 
Generalized discrete autoregressive moving-average models. This article proposes the generalized discrete autoregressive moving-average (GDARMA) model as a parsimonious and universally applicable approach for stationary univariate or multivariate time series. The GDARMA model can be applied to any type of quantitative time series. It allows to compute moment properties in a unique way, and it exhibits the autocorrelation structure of the traditional ARMA model. This great flexibility is obtained by using data-specific variation operators, which is illustrated for the most common types of time series data, such as counts, integers, reals, and compositional data. The practical potential of the GDARMA approach is demonstrated by considering a time series of integers regarding votes for a change of the interest rate, and a time series of compositional data regarding television market shares. 
The Pricing of Dual-Expiry Exotics with Mean Reversion and Jumps. This report develops a new class of models for pricing dual-expiry options that are characterized by two expiry dates. The underlying asset price is modeled by a time changed exponential Ornstein Uhlenbeck (OU) process, where the time change process is a Levy subordinator. The new models can capture both mean reversion and jumps often observed in various types of underlying assets of exotics. The pricing method exploits the observation that dual expiry options have payoffs that can be perfectly replicated by a particular set of first and second order binary options. The novelty of the paper is that we are able to derive the analytical solutions to the prices of these binaries through eigenfunction expansion method. Based on that, we can obtain the formulas for dual-expiry exotics through static replication. We also numerically investigate the sensitivities of prices of chooser, compound and extendable options with respect to the parameters of the models. 
The Competence of Project Team Members and Success Factors with Open Innovation. The purpose of this report is to examine the relationship between emotional, managerial, and intellectual competence of team members, which refer to the LDQ (Leadership Development Questionnaire) and impact on project success. (1) Background: Large and complex projects are being conducted in a dynamic business environment. The need for capabilities and managerial aspects of participants of the project for business performance increases. (2) Methods: A questionnaire survey was conducted on 164 project management professionals in various industries from Korea. The structural equation modeling technique was performed to establish the effect of competence of team members on project success factor. (3) Results: The results provided empirical support for the impact of team members' competencies on project success factor. Moreover, there is no difference in the perception of the impact of team members' competencies on project success factor, depending on their roles, such as project manager and team member. (4) Results: In this report, the importance of the competence of team members in accordance with the project manager was presented. The findings of this analysis suggest the strategic direction of the members at this point when corporate innovation is needed. 
The Role of Sustainable Entrepreneurship in Sustainability Transitions: A Conceptual Synthesis against the Background of the Multi-Level Perspective. This report conceptually synthesizes prior studies on sustainable entrepreneurship against the background of the multi-level perspective. It thereby relates separate streams of literature on sustainable entrepreneurship, sustainability transformations and ecopreneurship, which have previously not been systematically connected and synthesized, to the multi-level perspective. The paper furthermore provides suggestions on how the multi-level perspective can be advanced based on the inspirations of these previously only sparsely-connected streams of literature. Finally, implications for entrepreneurs, academia and politics are presented: means to increase the contribution of sustainable entrepreneurship to sustainability transitions are suggested, and the importance of growth and degrowth is discussed in the context of sustainable entrepreneurship. 
Knowledge Integration in ISD Project Teams: A Transactive Memory Perspective. Many organizations frequently establish information system development (ISD) project teams in order to solve specific problems. Knowledge tends to be stored within individuals who are often dispersed over time. However, knowledge integration is required to solve new types of problems. The transactive memory system (TMS) has been suggested as a critical mechanism for facilitating knowledge integration as part of the team's processes. TMS can help the knowledge team to recognize the presence of individuals with diverse knowledge and optimize their value. In this report, we use TMS and the concept of "collective mind" to explain how the team members' heedful interrelations and mindful comprehension function within the social system. We also discuss in detail how antecedent factors affect TMS. Drawing on data from a study of 339 part-time MBA students who were members of knowledge teams, the findings of this research showed that all our hypotheses were statically significant. Discussions and implications for academics and practitioners are provided. 
In Transition towards Sustainability: Bridging the Business and Education Sectors of Regional Centre of Expertise Greater Sendai Using Education for Sustainable Development-Based Social Learning ESD = Education for Sustainable Development DESD = Decade of Education for Sustainable Development RCE = Regional Centre of Expertise RCEGS = Regional Centre of Expertise Greater Sendai ESDBSL = ESD-Based Social Learning PIS = Period of Integrated Studies PP = Public Participation. This article discusses a business-school collaborative learning partnership in the Regional Centre of Expertise (RCE) on Education for Sustainable Development (ESD) in Greater Sendai. This partnership is further linked to a broader context of multi-stakeholder public participation in the RCE that was set up to advance the ESD agenda in the region. The authors propose a conceptual framework for multi-stakeholder, ESD-based social learning within the RCE with the aim of enabling the creation of a sustainability-literate society. This proposal is based on the results of students' prior experience in ESD activities, optimal age for ESD learning and future job choices presented in this report, together with a reported article that the levels of sustainability of the two sectoral organizations were mixed and hence need improvement. The paper argues that it will be good to focus on bridging the business and education sectors by building ESD capacity of the children and youth in the formal education sector. It contends this could be done through collaborative learning using the government-mandated "Period of Integrated Studies" (PIS) in the Japanese primary and secondary school curriculum. Additionally, it will be appropriate for the RCE Greater Sendai Steering Committee to facilitate and coordinate the learning processes and also promote networking and cooperative interactions among the actors and stakeholders in the region. Recommendations for improvement of the OPEN ACCESS Sustainability 2012, 4 1620 learning partnerships in RCE Greater Sendai are made for consideration at the local and national policy levels. 
Modeling and Deploying IoT-Aware Business Process Applications in Sensor Networks. The concept of the Internet of Things (IoT) is an important part of the next generation of information. Wireless sensor networks are composed of independent distributed smart sensor nodes and gateways. These discrete sensors constantly gather external physical information, such as temperature, sound, and vibration. Owing to the diversity of sensor devices and the complexity of the sensor sensing environment, the direct modeling of an IoT-aware business process application is particularly difficult. In addition, how to effectively deploy those designed applications to discrete servers in the heterogeneous sensor networks is also a pressing problem. In this report, we propose a resource-oriented modeling approach and a dynamic consistent hashing (DCH)-based deploying algorithm to solve the above problems. Initially, we extended the graphic and machine-readable model of Business Process Model Notation (BPMN) 2. 0 specification, making it able to support the direct modeling of an IoT-aware business process application. Furthermore, we proposed the DCH-based deploying algorithm to solve the problem of dynamic load balancing and access efficiency in the distributed execution environment. Finally, we designed an actual extended BPMN plugin in Eclipse. The approach presented in this report has been validated to be effective. 
Risk and Financial Management The Effects of Environmental Regulation on the Singapore Stock Market. This analysis examines the impact of environmental regulation on the Singapore stock market using the event study methodology. Several asset pricing models are used to estimate sectoral abnormal returns. Additionally, we estimate the change in systematic risk after the introduction of the carbon tax and related regulation. We conduct various robustness tests, including the Corrado non-parametric ranking test, the Chesney non-parametric conditional distribution approach, a representation of market integration, and Fama-French five-factor model. We find evidence showing that the environmental regulations tend to achieve their desired effects in Singapore in which several big polluters (including industrial metals and mining, forestry and papers, and electrical equipment and services) were negatively affected by the announcements of environmental regulations and carbon tax. In addition, our results indicate that the electricity sector, one of the biggest polluters, was negatively affected by the announcement of environmental regulations and carbon tax. We also find that environmental regulations seem to boost the performance of environmentally-friendly sectors whereby we find the alternative energy industry (focusing on new renewable energy technologies) experienced a sizeable positive reaction following the announcements of these regulations. 
A numerical study of cell merger over Cuba -Part II: sensitivity to environmental conditions. In the first part of this analysis, an external 3-D ambient field (3d-field) was used to initiate a simulation (Sim1). In this report, the influence of the 3-D field in the occurrence of the cloud merger simulated in Sim1 is studied. The surface convergence was very important to supply the lifting necessary for the development of new the convection. The interaction of the gust front from an old cloud with the environmental wind, as well as the interaction between the two gust fronts, were the main factors that enhanced the surface convergence. A favorable perturbation pressure gradient was also found to intensify this mechanism. The formation and development of a new cloud from the cloud bridge was the main feature for the occurrence of the cloud merger. 
Lead Behaviour in Bitcoin Markets. We aim to understand the dynamics of Bitcoin blockchain trading volumes and, specifically, how different trading groups, in different geographic areas, interact with each other. To achieve this aim, we propose an extended Vector Autoregressive model, aimed at explaining the evolution of trading volumes, both in time and in space. The extension is based on network models, which improve pure autoregressive models, introducing a contemporaneous contagion component that describes contagion effects between trading volumes. Our empirical findings show that transactions activities in bitcoins is dominated by groups of network participants in Europe and in the United States, consistent with the expectation that market interactions primarily take place in developed economies. 
The Ethnic Transference of Feminist Thought Involving Colonialism: A Metacognitive Examination of Multi-Cultural Learning. An Asian female immigrant to Canada contemplates how Black African feminist concepts are useful in understanding her own feminist history in another racial setting in a different part of the world. Her multi-cultural learning experience yields parallels between Black African feminist thought and her own ethnic cultural experience, prompts ideas about how feminists of all "shades" may achieve greater strength through recognition of commonalities, and creates questions for future research areas of her Asian cultural experience which may be informed and better understood through the insights of Black African feminist thought. 
PLURIACTIVITY OF FARMING FAMILIES IN POLAND STATUS AND CHANGES IN 2013-2016. The purpose of the article is to present the state and changes in the pluri activity of farming families in Poland in the years 20132016. The analysis was based on data from the representative farm structure survey (FSS) to which every EU country is required. Its results are as follows: 1) in 2016, only 1. 3% of people were pluriactive, while in 2013 this percentage amounted to 31. 5%; 2) the diver sification of activities other than agriculture, but directly related to an agricultur al holding is still carried out by a relatively small percentage of holdings: in 2016 it amounted to 2. 9%; 3) over half of house holds with a farm user obtained income from wage labour (the most popular form of work outside a farm, as in the years 20052010) in addition to income from agricultural activity. The most surpris ing change was an increase of more than half a million persons engaged only in agriculture and a decrease of more than a million of pluriactive persons, and thus an interruption of the multiannual ratio of pluriactive persons in relation to persons engaged only in agriculture, which was 1:3. Possible reasons for this may be the following aspects: a decrease in the number of farms, including farms up to 1 ha, with the largest number of pluriactive persons, return to specialisa tion, phenomenon of repeasantisation, possible impact of the 500+ programme on abandoning non-agricultural works and finally the possibility of a statistical error in 2016 studies (another study, BAEL, does not show a decrease in the importance of pluriactivity). The matter is important, because the FSS is a source of official national data for EU statistics. 
Towards a Blockchain Contract-for-Difference Financial Instrument for Hedging Renewable Electricity Transactions. Contract-for-Difference financial instruments are available to renewable electricity generators in day-ahead electricity markets to allow them to hedge against revenue risk. Traditional CfDs while designed to hedge revenue risk, introduce other new risks such as counterparty credit, margining and thirdparty risks. We therefore propose a novel financial instrumentan Ethereum blockchain-based dual escrow smart contract, to serve as the mediator in a CfD agreement between a renewable electricity generator and supplier. This financial instrument addresses hedging related risks that result from traditional CfD agreements in day-ahead electricity markets. In this report, we design the logic of the financial instrument, translate this logic to smart contract codes and demonstrate its expected performance. Overall, the proposed financial instrument has the benefits of reducing hedging related risks inherent in traditional CfDs. Likewise, it enables secure, efficient, cost-effective, consistent, reliable, transparent and frictionless transactions between contracting parties in a CfD agreement. 
Day-of-the-week effect on the Tunisian stock market return and volatility Day-of-the-week effect on the Tunisian stock market return and volatility. In this report, we examine empirically the day-of-the-week effect on the Tunisian stock exchange index (TUNINDEX) return and volatility. We use three multivariate general autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity models (GARCH (1,1), EGARCH (1,1), and TGARCH (1,1)) to examine the presence of daily anomalies in the TUNINDEX returns and volatilities during the period from 31 December 1997 to 07 April 2014. The empirical results of GARCH (1,1), EGARCH (1,1), and TGARCH (1,1) model indicate the existence of a significance and positive effect for Thursdays and for the return at (t - 1) on the return and volatility of TUNINDEX in a threshold of 1%. Additionally, we find the presence of a significance and negative effect for Tuesday on the TUNINDEX return and volatility. Also, we can show the persistence of volatility in the case of Tunisian stock market index. 
Analysis of life satisfaction of the elderly population on the example of Sweden, Austria and Germany. Under the conditions of population ageing, particular interest is paid to the study of life satisfaction in older ages. The purpose of the article is to assess the level of life satisfaction of the population in old age. The main method is econometric modelling using individual data from the Study of Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE). According to the results of the study, ageing itself does not necessarily worsen one's perception of life -there is no evidence from Austria and Spain that all people systematically, regardless of the year of birth, go through a stage of a lower level of life satisfaction. An important factor of life satisfaction is health self-assessment. 
Research on Distributed Data Stream Mining of Financial Risk Based on Double Privacy Protection. ABSTRACT:With the advancement of network technology and large-scale computing, distributed data streams have been widely used in the application of financial risk analysis. 
Observational Evidence of the Transition from Shallow to Deep Convection in the Western Caribbean Trade Winds. The present study aims to determine the factors influencing the transition from shallow to deep convection in the trade winds region using an observational approach, with emphasis in the Yucatan Peninsula in eastern Mexico. The methodology is based on a discrimination of two regimes of convection: a shallow cumulus regime, usually with little or no precipitation associated, and an afternoon deep convection regime, with large amounts of precipitation, preceded by a short period of shallow convection. Then, composites of meteorological fields at surface and several vertical levels, for each of the two convection regimes, are compared to infer which meteorological factors are involved in the development of deep convection in this region. Also, the relationship between meteorological variables and selected regime-transition parameters is evaluated only for deep convection regime days. Results indicate the importance of dynamic factors, such as the meridional wind component, in the transition from shallow to deep convection. As expected, thermodynamic variables, such as the low-level specific humidity in the shallow cumulus layer, also contribute to the regime transition. The presence of a southerly component of wind at lowto mid-levels during the early morning in deep convection days provides the shallow cumulus with a more favorable environment so that transition can occur, since abundant moisture from the Caribbean is supplied through this prevailing southern wind. The results can be relevant for reducing uncertainties regarding some important parameters in global and regional models, which could lead to improved simulations of the transition from shallow to deep convection and precipitation. 
The Inclusive Finance Have Effects on Alleviating Poverty. Researchers and policy makers are always paying attention to the problems of the development of finance and poverty alleviation. As the development of economic in the world, finance changes for the better day by day, and the availability of financial services increases; for a long time, the financial systems are not perfect in most developing countries and it may cause problems such as the income inequality which results in the growing gap between the rich and poor. For most developing countries, they must face the problem of how to alleviate poverty. Financial development is measured by inclusive finance in this report but not the scale or efficiency of financial development as before. The aim of this report is to analyse the relationship between inclusive finance and the gap of rich and poor through the panal data of Asian, African and Latin American countries from 2004 to 2013 by using generalized method of moments method. 
Changing Perspectives on the Economics of Water. This report provides an overview of the special issue on "Water policy, productivity and economic efficiency". In particular, it includes an overview of key topics on the future of water as a productive factor, in the context of alternative uses and perspective scenarios. The selected papers cover a wide range of relevant economic issues and are presented in three categories: productivity assessment, institutional framework and mechanisms, and governance aspects. The paper concludes by discussing future research challenges in this field. 
Corporate Governance on the National Olympic Committee of Thailand. The Olympic Games is by far the most admirable competitions among athletes and the most spectacle sports tournaments among sports fans. The Olympic Games is built on their very core values when the games bring together people around the world to witness one of the amazing sports events in the world. It is a congregation of the Olympic Games. Three core values, i. e. , excellence, friendship and respect, are around the world. The immense role of the dissemination of Olympic values and promoting and overseeing the Olympic Games falls on the shoulder of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) which is a decision-making organization regarding the Olympic affairs. Though a huge responsibility lied upon the IOC, the IOC alone cannot operate and function at this successful level. The National Olympic Committees (NOCs) from various countries need to provide considerable support to the IOC, and the accomplishment of the IOC's objectives can be achieved only if the NOCs work efficiently and effectively. The NOCs perform various functions and provide a significant contribution to promoting sports in a country. Thailand is one of the IOC members. The missions of the National Olympic Committee of Thailand (NOCT) under the Royal Patronage of H. M. the King include supporting and promoting amateur sports and physical education, sending delegated athletes and the international. Competitions, providing welfare and education for athletes and coaches, organizing a sports museum, and coordination with different management of the NOCT are highly essential. Effective management of the NOCT will lead not only to the increasing number of junior athletes and national athletes and the success of our national athletes in major international sports competitions, but also to gear Thailand to be a healthy society using sports as a means to this end. In business, it is often argued that effective management is caused by competition. The term "creative destruction" coined by Joseph Schumpeter has continuously been proven through time that the most effective and innovative firms will thrive. Without competition, there is no real incentive and need for firms to be effective and efficient. Firms can do whatever * Corresponding author. they want bearing few or no consequences. Many sports governing bodies, e. g. the IOC and the NOCs, however, have no competition and, thus, are a monopoly. Yet, thee organizations need to be most effective. In this report, we will argue that corporate governance is the solution to make the NOCs and the IOC to be most effective by using an example of the NOCT. Corporate governance (CG) can be loosely defined as to how to institute integrity to organizations/industries. Similar to business, the IOC and the NOCs need to instill integrity to their members no matter who they are or what role they take. A cleverly tailored corporate governance process employing control from both top-down and bottom-up will provide a necessary means to make the NOCs or, in this report, the NOCT becomes well managed. 
What Dynamic Managerial Capabilities Are Needed for Greater Strategic Alliance Performance?. Despite the rising interest in the nature of open innovation and its implications for greater strategic alliance performance, limited attention has been paid to what the dynamic managerial capabilities underpinning those processes are. Moreover, only limited research has examined how open innovation is practiced by firms working within various network forms (ecosystems, platforms, and strategic alliances) and what dynamic managerial capabilities ensure such networks' collaborations. We need to further develop the concept of the coupled (collaborative) type of open innovation and to show how open innovation mechanisms, such as strategic alliances, are underpinned by dynamic managerial capabilities and to understand what their "micro-foundations" are. Thus, the goal of this article is to understand the role of sub-capabilities (how managers think and decide) of dynamic managerial capabilities as drivers of successful alliance performance. 
Hotels benefit from stricter regulations on short-term rentals in European cities. The aim of this analysis is to examine whether the introduction of stricter rules on short-term rentals (STRs) in some European cities will have an impact on hotel overnight stays. The treatment group consists of cities with the strictest regulations in Europe (Amsterdam, Barcelona, Berlin, Paris and London). The coarsened exact matching method is used to select an appropriate control group consisting of cities where there are no similar regulations but which are of a similar size in relation to population and relevant tourist space. Weighted fixed-effect models are used to estimate the average treatment effect on the treated. The specification also includes variables controlling for accommodation prices, value-added tax (VAT) rate on accommodation, terrorist attacks, real income of the destination country and time. Results show that stricter regulations for STRs in the five cities lead to an average increase in overnight stays of around 9%. This suggests that STRs such as Airbnb are substitutes for hotel accommodations and thus strong competitors. In addition, terrorist attacks lead to a decline in overnight stays, while an increase in VAT on accommodation reduces hotel overnight stays. 
A Study on Improving of Incubating-Efficiency of Incubators in Zhejiang Province, China. The incubator's promotion of entrepreneurial development and the help of N. E. growth make its research have a strong practical significance. At the same time, concern for the sustainability of incubator development, the core of the problem lies in the ability to configure their incubator resources, that is, the level of incubating-efficiency. By DEA, HAC, In-depth interviews to discuss the situation in Zhejiang Province incubators, as well as influencing factors on incubating-efficiency and the improving path of the sample derived from the incubator in Zhejiang Province, which proposed a new hierarchical model and incubation Strategies for improving of incubating-efficiency. 
The Innovation and Perfection of Chinese Enterprise Form. China's enterprise form adopts legal principle, lack of flexibility and innovation, which restricts the development of China's economy. The latest revision of the company law has abolished the restriction of registered capital and loosened of market access, and has brought the opportunity and challenge to the innovation and perfection of enterprise form. This report mainly discusses the value of the guarantee of Limited Liability Company based on the foreign experience to innovate and perfect our country's enterprise form, and to better promote the development of the socialist market economy. 
Strategies: A Model of University Management. The central purpose of the research was to design a strategic management model university for the self-assessment of the careers of the three area marketing, starting from an analysis of the eight best models applied in Europe and America, is contrasted the major components to determine the essential aspects of academic excellence which form part of the proposed model. The strategic axes of Management University proposed after the mentioned analysis there are six: Management University, teaching, student progress, support, research and University Social transcendence, distributed information in 12 areas, 28 features, 111 standards of quality, 188 indicators and 937evidences, validated by qualified informants issued by 28 opinions and documentary information. 
Evaluating the Effectiveness of New and Old Kinetic Energy Conversion from an Electric Power Economics Perspective: Evidence on the Shandong Province of China. This report proposes a hybrid model for evaluating the effectiveness of new and old kinetic energy conversion (NOKEC), China's major strategic move aiming to transform the mode of economic growth and improvie the quality of economic development. Considering the goals of NOKEC and the supporting roles of power industry to NOKEC, this report constructs an index system for NOKEC effectiveness evaluation from an electric power economics perspective, involving three dimensions and 17 secondary indicators. Furthermore, a hybrid evaluation model based on DEMATEL-ANP and DQ-GRA techniques is developed to accomplish the evaluation of Shandong's NOKEC effectiveness. The results show that Shandong's NOKEC effectiveness increased from 2015-2017, indicating that Shandong's NOKEC policies have achieved remarkable results. According to the evaluation results, this report puts forward the indicators that should be paid close attention to and the following work priorities in Shandong's future NOKEC process, which has certain practical value for the promotion of Shandong's NOKEC. In addition, the evaluation model proposed in this report considers the interrelationships between indicators and overcomes the shortcomings of traditional GRA, showing good applicability to similar effectiveness evaluation issues. Finally, the limitations and universality of the model are discussed and the improvement direction is put forward. 
Value-at-Risk for South-East Asian Stock Markets: Stochastic Volatility vs. GARCH. This analysis compares the performance of several methods to calculate the Value-at-Risk of the six main ASEAN stock markets. We use filtered historical simulations, GARCH models, and stochastic volatility models. The out-of-sample performance is analyzed by various backtesting procedures. We find that simpler models fail to produce sufficient Value-at-Risk forecasts, which appears to stem from several econometric properties of the return distributions. With stochastic volatility models, we obtain better Value-at-Risk forecasts compared to GARCH. The quality varies over forecasting horizons and across markets. This indicates that, despite a regional proximity and homogeneity of the markets, index volatilities are driven by different factors. JEL Classification: C58; F37; G15; G17 2 ASEAN-6 are the six biggest contributor to GDP of the ASEAN region, i. e. , Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Singapore, Malaysia, and Vietnam. 3 Own calculations based on data. worldbank. org and www. imf. org. 
Stress Management and Job Performance in the Industries Sector of Mali. Work has severaldefinitions. However it is defined as an activity that is to perform a specifictask in a given environment social, organizational and production in a given time and for compensation. The first component of work is the physical environment in which it takes place. In this set are distinguished on one hand the atmosphere and the other hand factors of production. To qualitatively assess work, it's determined by its performance. The stress is positive because of the finished product, marketing, margins and earnings. This means that the leaders of the industry manage well the micro and macroeconomics; shareholders ensure financial and strategic activity that bankers give the best loans and credits (heritage, Finance, strategy), that references to grant the delivery inputs of guarantee (economics, Finance, strategy) conditions take account of sociability, liquidity, sector risk, strength of the business, its future and the competence of its leaders. The stress is negative in an industry if it has increased internal and international competition; the emergence of substitute products; the loss of an important client or his bankruptcy; the bankruptcy of a bank with which the industry had preferred financial relations; the emergence of new regulations concerning safety and the protection of the environment in which the industry did not; the decline continues to the listing on the stock exchange; the rotation of stocks and different clients of the industry standard; the financing of investments by operation of repeated losses of operating resources; the impossibility of renewal of credit stress is a reaction to physical or psychological constraints. It can highlight different sources of occupational stress investments sources at work (working conditions, urgency of the time etc. ). Ambiguities and overload conflicts of roles of responsibilities (several suicide in French companies); career too or no promotion, lack of job security, ambition thwarted, difficult professional relationship with supervisor, colleagues, subordinates, difficulties of delegation of authority, organizational climate: no or limited participation in the process of decisions, restrictions on the power of decisions (budget), family and personal life can also be a source of stress. 
Sustainable Services: The Natural Mimicry Approach. Environmental issues have become an integral factor in any decision-making process and in the design and implementation of manufacturing and agricultural production systems. As the service sector continuously grows in size and importance and service systems become more comprehensive, complex, and interdisciplinary, the creation of new services should be imbued with sustainability as the primary value of each service and as a service in and of itself. The paper presents a natural mimetic approach that follows the ground rules of nature to characterize the sustainability of a service and to choose the most sustainable service alternative. 
Population Ageing, Urbanization and Housing De-mand. Using overlapping generation model, we find that population ageing does restrain housing demand. Then, we use the panel data of China's 31 provinces between 2002 and 2013 to confirm that ageing restrains housing demand, the process of urbanization does the opposite and maybe offsets the negative effect to some extent. At present, China should continue to focus on developing urbanization rapidly, especially focus on the population urbanization. In the process, the government should change its development ideas and increase the supply of public service for population ageing. 
Fixed or open-ended? Labor contract and productivity in the Colombian manufacturing sector Fixed or open-ended? Labor contract and productivity in the Colombian manufacturing sector. Using the Colombian Annual Manufacturing Survey (AMS) between 2000 and 2014, this report investigates the effect of labor contract modalities on firm productivity within the industrial sector through a structural model. We find that the elasticity of revenue with respect to temporary workers is often lower than that with respect to permanent workers, but not in small firms, where some forms of flexibility might lead to productivity gains. 
Analysis of the Impact of Human Capital Investment and Allocation on the Upgrade of Industrial Structure in Guangdong. Industrial structure upgrade is a dynamic process of reallocating the factors of production. Human capital, as the most active factor of production, plays an important role in accelerating the upgrade of industrial structure. Taking Guangdong province as an example, this report uses VAR model and structural deviation degree to examine the impact of human capital investment and allocation on the upgrade of industrial structure respectively. The VAR model result shows that the investment in human capital is the Granger cause of the upgrade of industrial structure, and the impulse response analysis proves that the improvement of human capital level has a long-term positive effect on the upgrade of industrial structure. According to the structural deviation degree, the current industrial distribution of human capital in Guangdong is very inefficient with a total deviation degree of 30%, leading to a talent shortage in the secondary and tertiary industry. Besides, the unbalanced spatial distribution of human capital has widened the disparity of industrial structure among different regions in Guangdong. Finally, this report puts forward some policy recommendations to solve these problems. 
Women on Boards and Financial Performance: Evidence from a European Emerging Market. This report examines the association between gender diversity on corporate boards and firm performance for a European emerging market, which lags behind in terms of both corporate governance quality and social cohesion indicators. In a sample of Romanian companies listed on BSE (Bucharest Stock Exchange) during 2012-2016, this analysis confirms previous concerns related to the endogeneity of gender diversity variables in firm performance regression analysis and shows that, on average, diversity has no significant impact on firm-performance. However, based on a sub-sample analysis, results show a robust association in the case of profit-firms and those listed on the Standard tier. As losses can be construed as a distortion factor and Standard tier companies are the smallest and less well governed on the market, the results could be taken to suggest that Romanian listed companies do benefit from increasing gender diversity in the boardrooms, which could complement their rather poor corporate governance practices. Overall, the paper concludes that, in the context of an emerging market, policies aimed at increasing gender diversity in the boards appear to be financially viable and even beneficial for the major part of listed companies, balancing successfully the social cohesion and economic components of sustainable development. 
Analysis of health economics assessment reports for pharmaceuticals in France -understanding the underlying philosophy of CEESP assessment Analysis of health economics assessment reports for pharmaceuticals in France - understanding the underlying philosophy of CEESP assessment. Background: Despite the guidelines for Economic and Public Health Assessment Committee (CEESP) submission having been available for nearly six years, the dossiers submitted continue to deviate from them, potentially impacting product prices. Objective: to review the reports published by CEESP, analyse deviations from the guidelines, and discuss their implications for the pricing and reimbursement process. Study design: CEESP reports published until January 2017 were reviewed, and deviations from the guidelines were extracted. The frequency of deviations was described by type of methodological concern (minor, important or major). Results: In 19 reports, we identified 243 methodological concerns, most often concerning modelling, measurement and valuation of health states and results presentation and sensitivity analyses; nearly 63% were minor, 33% were important and 4. 5% were major. All reports included minor methodological concerns, and 17 (89%) included at least one important and/or major methodological concern. Global major methodological concerns completely invalidated the analysis in seven dossiers (37%). Conclusion: The CEESP submission dossiers fail to adhere to the guidelines, potentially invalidating the health economics analysis and resulting in pricing negotiations. As these negotiations tend to be unfavourable for the manufacturer, the industry should strive to improve the quality of the. 
On the Relationship between Estimate and Its t Value. It is generally believed that the signs of the estimated coefficient and its t value should be the same. This report, however, shows that there may be an inconsistency in the signs of the estimated coefficient and its t value when we use the group mean dynamic OLS estimator developed by Pedroni (2001). 
Research on the Portfolio Optimization Model under Quantitative Constraint Based on Genetic Algorithm *. This report is based on covariance and expected return, building portfolio risk optimization model. Using Genetic Algorithm and Quadratic Programming, three securities portfolio Optimization model is resolved, and we find that Genetic Algorithm having priority for Restraint Conditions is not a linear model. 
Do Employees Matter in the Relationship between Corporate Social Responsibility and Financial Performance?. This analysis investigated the mechanism behind the impact of corporate social responsibility (CSR) on firms' financial performance while focusing on internal stakeholders. Although many studies have examined the effects of CSR few has empirically investigated the underlying process of the mechanism. In addition, previous research has rarely regarded employees as a link between CSR and firms' outcomes, despite employees implementing CSR policies. This analysis explored the pathway of the CSR-employees-firm's performance. Employee commitment was used to explain the relationship between CSR and performance, since it is an important employee-associated micro-level outcome of CSR. The results showed that CSR indirectly influenced a firm's accounting profitability through enhanced employee commitment, as well as directly affected firm's profitability. CSR increases employee commitment, which in turn leads to improvements in a firm's accounting returns. The paper suggests that employees should be considered as an important agent for the effects of CSR initiatives. 
Baltic Journal of Economics Should pension funds hedge currency risk? The case of Poland Radoslaw Kurach & Daniel Papla Should pension funds hedge currency risk? The case of Poland. In this analysis, we identify the optimal hedge ratio for mandatory pension funds, defining the optimum as the value that minimizes the portfolio variance in accordance with the social objective of the mandatory pension system. Unlike most previous studies, we apply a dynamic framework to account for a regular inflow of contributions and impose specific investment constraints that make the simulation more realistic. Our outcomes challenge the conventional knowledge concerning the need for currency hedging. We discover that in the case of Poland, shortening the currency positions is undesirable, as it amplifies the portfolio variance. Moreover, we provide evidence that pension funds should internationalize their portfolios even further to fully exploit the available diversification gains. Finally, the obtained simulation results are matched with real data. The comparison presented tends to beg the question of how to overcome the home bias phenomenon. 
An Approach to Evaluating Enterprise Financial Performance Based on the Control Inheritance of Family Businesses with Intuitionistic Fuzzy Information. We investigate the multiple attribute decision making problems for evaluating the enterprise financial performance based on the control inheritance of family businesses with intuitionistic fuzzy information. We utilize the intuitionistic fuzzy Bonferroni mean (IFBM) operator to aggregate the intuitionistic fuzzy information corresponding to each alternative and get the overall value of enterprise financial performance and then rank the enterprises and select the most desirable one(s) by using the overall value of enterprise financial performance. Finally, an illustrative example for evaluating the enterprise financial performance based on the control inheritance of family businesses is given to verify the developed approach and to demonstrate its practicality and effectiveness. 
Adult Learning, Economic Growth and the Distribution of Income. Technological change causes three consequences: it guarantees economic growth, it requires employees to acquire more skills and human capital, and it increases inequality if employees are not capable adapting to new technologies. The second consequence makes it almost necessary for employees to learn during their whole working life, thereby accelerating technological change. Accordingly, the OECD (the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development) and many governments supports the idea of lifelong learning, but it remains unclear how to finance the education of adult students who are working efficiently. In this report, we use an overlapping generation model with human capital accumulation and inequality to derive a mechanism which reduces income inequality and provides an incentive for all adults to invest more in education. As a consequence, the growth rate of per capita income will increase and income inequality will be reduced. 
A Study of Flu Epidemics in Portugal. We study the flu seasonal epidemics in Portugal in the last 20 years. Based on the analysis of historic data gathered from the official weekly reports we present some scenarios for the next 20 years. 
Is the WTO Truly Effective?. Whether or not the World Trade Organization (WTO) has promoted international trade is under dispute. This article uses a revised traditional gravity model to conduct empirical examination of this problem and found that WTO has recently promoted international trade and that the degree of increase is larger in developed countries than in developing ones. Moreover, regional trade agreements (RTA), currency unions, GDP, and distance are related to the increase of international trade along with the effects of WTO activities. On the other hand, the effect of distance on international trade has been decreasing. Improvements in information technology (IT) may have influenced this finding. 
Conservation Choices in the Face of Sea-Level Rise: A Case Study on Marsh Migration from Phippsburg, Maine. We analyze the benefits of incorporating climate change into land conservation decisions using wetland migration under rising sea-levels as a case study. We use a simple and inexpensive decision method, a knapsack algorithm implemented in Excel, with (1) simulation data to show that ignoring sea-level rise predictions lead to suboptimal outcomes, and (2) an application to land conservation in Phippsburg, Maine to show the real-world applicability. The simulation shows an 11-percent to almost 30-percent gain in increased benefits when accounting for sea-level rise. The results highlight that it is possible to, and important to, incorporate sea-level rise into conservation planning. 
170-186inal Activity in Saudi Arabia?. This report aims to explain the effects of immigration on the overall crime rate and in the six most significant categories of crime in Saudi Arabia, being drugs activity, theft, murder, assault, alcohol and outrageous issues, during a ten-year period from 2003 to 2012, in all thirteen administrative provinces, as well as establish the provinces most affected by criminal activities of immigrants during this period. In our finding, no positive association between immigrants and criminal cases was noted. It is clearly visible that the highest rate of overall criminal activities is in the south, north and Makkah areas, where there is high probability of illegal immigrants, supporting the basic criminological theory that areas with high levels of immigrants also experience high rates of crime. The study provides suggestions to the Saudi government, policy and decision makers, and immigration authorities, which could assist in reducing crimes perpetrated by immigrants. 
IMPROVED IN-SEASON CROP CLASSIFICATION PERFORMANCE USING ENSEMBLE LEARNING TECHNIQUE: A CASE STUDY OF LEKODA INSURANCE UNIT, UJJAIN, MADHYA PRADESH. The classification of agricultural crop types is an important application of remote sensing. With the improvement in spatial, temporal and spectral resolution of satellite data, a complete seasonal crop growth profile and separability between different crop classes can be studied by using ensemble-learning techniques. This analysis compares the performance of Random Forest (RF), which is a decision tree based ensemble learning method and Naive Bayes ( a probabilistic learning technique) for crop classification of Lekoda gram panchayat, Ujjain district, using multi-temporal Sentinel 2 of Rabi 2017-18. The study area contains seven different classes of crop types, and in each class, we have used 65% of the ground data for training and 35% to test the classifier. The performance of RF classifier was found to be better than NB classifier. Kappa coefficient of RF classifier in mid of the crop season (December-January) was found to be 0. 93. This result indicates that an accurate in-season crop map of the study area can be generated through integrated use of Sentinel 2 temporal data and RF classifier. 
Adolescent Mental Health Research in Macau. Adolescence is an important period in which an individual experiences significant changes in physical, mental and social aspects. When an adolescent with risk of having depression or anxiety disorder cannot derive appropriate treatment in an earlier stage, they may encounter a higher tendency to trigger onset of the problems in their adulthood. So the adolescent mental health is too important to neglect However, here in Macau, there is still no research investigating the issue of adolescent daily emotional problem. Therefore, this research will look into adolescent mental health in Macau, emotional problems and the relationship between thinking strategy and difficultyhandling strategy. This research uses DASS21 questionnaire, Cognitive Emotion Regulation Questionnaire (CERQ), and Pressure Manage Mode as investigation tools. 2780 pieces of questionnaires were sent out and 2766 questionnaires were successfully responded. The respondent rate is up to 99. 5%. The research found that about 22% adolescent have serious anxiety symptoms. The more negative thinking strategies they adopted to face the challenges or dissatisfaction, the higher level of depression, anxiety and stress they suffered. Furthermore, the adolescent tend to avoid and neglect the problems when they undergo emotional problems. 
Moments of Compound Renewal Sums with Dependent Risks Using Mixing Exponential Models. In this report, we study the discounted renewal aggregate claims with a full dependence structure. Based on a mixing exponential model, the dependence among the inter-claim times, the claim sizes, as well as the dependence between the inter-claim times and the claim sizes are included. The main contribution of this report is the derivation of the closed-form expressions for the higher moments of the discounted aggregate renewal claims. Then, explicit expressions of these moments are provided for specific copulas families and some numerical illustrations are given to analyze the impact of dependency on the moments of the discounted aggregate amount of claims. 
Risk and Financial Management The Impact of Economic Freedom on Economic Growth? New European Dynamic Panel Evidence. This report analyzes the impact of economic freedom along with traditional economic factors on economic growth for a panel of European countries. The growth of the gross domestic product was observed over a twenty-year time period on a sample of 43 developing and developed countries. Based on a robust dynamic panel setting, we conclude that increases in economic freedom as expressed by the Index of Economic Freedom/Heritage Foundation (but not its levels) are related to economic growth. The EU membership status either had no effect or it curbed the effect of the economic freedom on growth. We also find that the subprime economic crisis of 2008-2009 exerted a negative impact on the growth of European economies. 
Financial reimbursement -Irrelevant for GPs' readiness to implement brief intervention to reduce alcohol consumption? A cross-sectional vignette study. BACKGROUND: General Practitioners' (GPs) readiness to implement screening and brief intervention (SBI) to treat patients with excessive alcohol consumption is low. Several studies identi ed crucial barriers such as insu cient nancial reimbursement. In contrast to the barriers-account, we assume that low implementation readiness of GPs may be less attributed to external barriers but rather more so to inherent characteristics of SBI. To test our assumption, we conducted a vignette study assessing the GPs' readiness to implement SBI in comparison to a pharmacological intervention also designed for the treatment of excessive drinkers in relation to standard or above-standard nancial reimbursement. According to our hypothesis GPs should be less ready to implement SBI regardless of nancial reimbursement. 
European Societies Symbolic struggles over solidarity in times of crisis: trade unions, civil society actors and the political far right in Austria Symbolic struggles over solidarity in times of crisis: trade unions, civil society actors and the political far right in Austria. As a consequence of the recent financial and economic crisis, social cohesion and integration are in jeopardy all over Europe. In this context, scholars also speak of decreasing solidarity, which is defined as a normative obligation to help each other and to make sacrifices to reach common goals. By taking the empirical example of Austria, we argue that the meaning of solidarity is increasingly being contested. Various collective actors such as trade unions, civil society actors, but also right-wing populist parties are engaged in symbolic struggles over solidarity. To show this, we examine the different concepts and foundations of solidarity and analyse where and why they conflict with each other, referring to recent debates on political issues, such as the needs-based minimum benefit system and the access to the labour market for refugees. 
Risk and Financial Management Article On a New Corporate Bond Pricing Model with Potential Credit Rating Change and Stochastic Interest Rate. In this report, we consider a new corporate bond-pricing model with credit-rating migration risks and a stochastic interest rate. In the new model, the criterion for rating change is based on a predetermined ratio of the corporation's total asset and debt. Moreover, the rating changes are allowed to happen a finite number of times during the life-span of the bond. The volatility of a corporate bond price may have a jump when a credit rating for the bond is changed. Moreover, the volatility of the bond is also assumed to depend on the interest rate. This new model improves the previous existing bond models in which the rating change is only allowed to occur once with an interest-dependent volatility or multi-ratings with constant interest rate. By using a Feynman-Kac formula, we obtain a free boundary problem. Global existence and uniqueness are established when the interest rate follows a Vasicek's stochastic process. Calibration of the model parameters and some numerical calculations are shown. 
MANAGERIAL COMPETENCIES AND SMALL BUSINESS GROWTH: EMPIRICAL EVIDENCE FROM MICROFINANCE PARTICIPANTS. A large number of studies have been conducted on small business performance. However, potential influence of managerial competencies on small business growth, particularly among microfinance participants is hardly existent. In fulfilling the literature gap, this analysis provides some insight into the relationship between managerial competencies and small business growth. Using data collected from microfinance participants in Kelantan and Terengganu and applying the Structural Equation Modelling approach, this analysis found that all the managerial competency dimensions -technical, generic and conceptual skills -had positive and significant impacts on small business growth. While consolidating the theories that managerial competencies explain business growth, this analysis has several limitations. Future studies should delve into, through qualitative research, why managerial skills are significant for small business growth. Sampling should also include small businesses in other parts of Malaysia, instead of Kelantan and Terengganu. 
Power Plant Economic Analysis: Maximizing Lifecycle Profitability by Simulating Preliminary Design Solutions of Steam-Cycle Conditions. Many existing financial models for power plants chose a design based on the maximum thermal efficiency excluding the operational (OPEX) and capital (CAPEX) cost variations of technical factors. These factors are often fixed because including them in financial assessments can be burdensome and it is assumed that maximum efficiency equals maximum profit. However, this assumption may not always be right. Through 19,440 power plant steam-cycle design solutions and their associated OPEX and CAPEX, this analysis found the eighth most thermally-efficient solution to be $1. 284 M more profitable than the traditional thermally-optimized design solution. As such, this report presents a model incorporating technical factors through parametric estimation by minimizing the burden on decision makers. While this may reduce precision, it allows for quick cost assessments across differing design solutions. The data for model development was collected from a Korean-constructed, operational 600 MW coal-fired power plant in the Philippines. Using the Thermoflex software, nearly all design configurations' heat rate outputs are simulated. Profitability is then optimized based on the resultant design configuration's impact on revenue and CAPEX and OPEX costs. The simulation inputs included variables found to be most impactful on the steam generated power efficiency per existing literature. Lastly, the model includes an assessment of cost impacts among recent environmental regulations by incorporating carbon tax costs and a sensitivity analysis. The economic analysis model discussed in this report is non-existent in current literature and will aid the power-plant project investment industry through their project feasibility analyses. 
Cultural Consciousness of Chinese Ethnic Minority under the Economic Globalization -Illustrated by the Case of Ethnic Yi in Yunnan. Culture is the soul of a nation, and national culture is the sign which distinguishes other ethnics. National culture is the direct reflection of cultural consciousness in real life, and cultural consciousness is the basic of national culture. The ethnical culture is easy to be impacted by the foreign culture under the rapid development of information globalization in China. As study subjects, 291 people of Shilin Autonomous in Yunnan province answered the questionnaire and investigator also made a random interview among the 291 people. Through the questionnaires and statistical analysis of the EXCEL 2003 and DELPHL method, the conclusion is the following: the ethnic cultural consciousness of Yi people in Shilin Autonomous County is rather weak today in China, the most obvious aspects showed on the ethnical language, folk dancing and costumes, festive culture and so on. At last, this report suggested that people should protect their own culture under the strong urbanization and economic development. How to protect and develop the culture of the ethnic minority is an urgent matter in China. 
Research on Interactive Design of Three-Way Interactive Platform in Scenic Spots-Based on the Theory of User Experience Elements: A Case Study of Danxia Mountain Scenic Area. In recent years, due to the promotion of government policies and the continuous development of tourism information, various tourism application platforms have emerged. At the same time, the sustainable development of "the scenic spot" requires the concerted efforts of tourists, residents and the spots themselves. However, there is no application platform to integrate the three resources in the market, and related tourism applications have problems such as poor user experience and serious homogenization. Therefore, the development of a three-way interactive platform with excellent user experience is a new direction for tourism application research. Based on the theory of user experience elements, this report analyzes the key points and relationships in the interaction design of user experience elements based on five levels. Using Danxia Mountain Scenic Area as an example, the analysis and design of the three-way interactive platform in the scenic spot were completed according to the theory of user experience elements, and the feasibility of the method was demonstrated. 
Business Analytics in Tourism: Uncovering Knowledge from Crowds. Business Analytics leverages value from data, thus being an important tool for the decisionmaking process. However, the presence of data in different formats is a new challenge for analysis. Textual data has been drawing organizational attention as thousands of people express themselves daily in text, like the description of customer perceptions in the tourism and hospitality area. Despite the relevance of customer data in textual format to support decision making of hotel managers, its use is still modest, given the difficulty of analyzing and interpreting the large amounts of data. Our objective is to identify the main evaluation topics presented in online guest reviews and reveal changes throughout the years. We worked with 23,229 hotel reviews collected from TripAdvisor website through WebScrapping packages in R, and used a text mining approach (Latent Semantic Analysis) to analyze the data. This contributes with practical implications to hotel managers by demonstrating the applicability of text data and tools based on open-source solutions and by providing insights about the data and assisting in the decisionmaking process. This article also contributes in presenting a stepwise text analysis, including capturing, cleaning and formatting publicly available data for organizational specialists. 
When LIBOR becomes LIEBOR: Reputational penalties and bank contagion. We study whether commonality of incentives and opportunity to commit fraud trigger reputational contagion from culpable firms to nonculpable firms. Relying on a sample of 30 banks involved in fixing the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and a control sample of 30 banks, we find that banks' reputations suffered substantial damage upon the announcement of their involvement in the scandal. We also document reputational contagion spread from banks that manipulated LIBOR to banks that shared the same incentives and opportunity to commit the fraud. The reputational contagion is more pronounced for large derivatives dealers who have had the strongest incentive to commit the fraud. 
On Revealed Preference and Indivisibilities. We consider a practical market model in which all commodities are inherently indivisible and thus are traded in integer quantities, or consumption choices are available only in discrete quantities. We ask whether a finite set of price-quantity observations satisfying the Generalized Axiom of Revealed Preference (GARP) is consistent with utility maximization. Due to the absence of perfect divisibility and continuity, the existing argument and also familiar assumptions such as non-satiation cannot be used in the current discrete model. We develop a new approach to deal with this problem and establish a discrete analogue of Afrita's celebrated theorem. We also introduce a new concept called tight budget demand set which is a natural refinement of the standard notion of demand set and plays a crucial role in the current analysis. Exploring network structure and a new and easy-to-use variant of GARP, we propose an elementary, simple, combinatorial and constructive proof for our result. 
State support of small and medium-sized business in Russian Federation. The article deals with the mechanisms of the state support of small and medium business, the examples of state support policy implementation subjects of this sector of economy in Krasnodar Region are given. 
Research on Risk Evaluation Index System of Stampede in Stadium-By Taking Tianhe Sports Center as an Example. The stampede happened in Shanghai bund in 2014 is wailsome and the "crowded condition" in Guangzhou Lighting Festival in 2012 is still vivid in our mind. As one of the biggest stadiums in China, the number of audience of each ball game in Tianhe Sports Center was more than 40,000. Is there a potential of large stampede resulted in by so huge crowd gathered? This report tries to study and clean up the characteristics of disaster-bearing body, disaster-pregnant environment and disaster-causing factors through literatures by virtue of the theory of crisis cause model, establish risk evaluation index by using analytical hierarchy process and further research the potential of large stampede happened in Tianhe Sports Center by taking Tianhe Sports Center as the example and combining with field survey. 
Growth Dynamics, Multiple Equilibria, and Local Indeterminacy in an Endogenous Growth Model of Money, Banking and Inflation Targeting +. We develop an overlapping generations monetary endogenous growth (generated by productive public expenditures) model with inflation targeting, characterized by relocation shocks for young agents, which in turn generates a role for money (even in the presence of the return-dominating physical capital) and financial intermediaries. Based on this model, we show that growth dynamics emerge with a S-shaped growth path producing three equilibria. The low and high-growth equilibria are stable, but locally indeterminate, while the medium-growth equilibrium is unstable. Since, government expenditure is productive in our model, a higher inflation-target would translate into higher growth, but under multiple equilibria, this is not necessarily always the case. 
Supervising System Stress in Multiple Markets. This report develops an extended financial stress measure that considers the supervisory objective of identifying risks to the stability of the financial system. The measure provides a continuous and bounded signal of financial stress using daily public market data. Broad coverage of material financial system markets over time is achieved by leveraging dynamic credit weights. We consider how this measure can be used to monitor, analyze, and alert financial system stress. 
Delving into the Boardroom "Black Box": A Research Model of "Board Learning Capability" (BLC). This report aims to shed light into boardroom processes by bringing together the literature on organization behaviour and that of boardroom process in order to form a model of boardroom learning capability. Board process is viewed as primarily a learning process whereby individual members with their knowledge, skills and external networks engage in a collective learning process that culminates in a "shared understanding" about the problems and respective solutions and increased "board social capital". It can be argued that boards that do better at this "collective learning process" will display greater effectiveness and ultimately better firm performance. In learning organisation's terms, one can speak of "board learning capability" (BLC). The chairman of the board has a pivotal role in facilitating and mastering the collective learning process in the boardroom. Central to our model are the interplay between the "chairman role and skill set" and the "board learning challenges". Building on research literature that focuses on learning organisations and on boardroom processes, we propose a model of "board learning capability" (BLC), which could shed additional light on the boardroom process dynamics. In the future, an organisation could develop a "board's learning capability" measure to complement "good governance" indices which rely heavily on structure and composition proxies, despite limited empirical evidence. Empirical testing of the model can be of value for boardroom development and for risk and reputational concern minimization by uncovering differences in "boardroom learning capability" in different governance domains. 
On the Spatial Diffusion of Knowledge by Universities Located in Small and Medium Sized Towns*. Many studies, provided by diverse authors and institutions, demonstrate that, at a territorial level, development is directly related to the level of education and R & D. Territories with higher development levels are, generally, those that have a higher level of education and R & D. The relationship between the acquisition of knowledge and institutional education is therefore decisive. In this area, the role of universities is fundamental. The retention of university graduates is one of the main ways that the cities and the regions can adopt to retain those endowed with higher propensity to innovation, enterprise spirit and management capacity. Given that higher education institutions, in general, and universities, in particular, are obviously crucial in the process of knowledge increase, it becomes important to analyse how can these institutions act as ways of spatial diffusion of knowledge given that their graduates may migrate to other regions of the country (or for another country). The alleged increased probability of this migration to occur when the university is located in a small or medium sized town makes that analysis also interesting from the viewpoint of the development role that this kind of cities can perform, not only in the adjacent rural areas, but also across all the urban areas of the territory. The focus of our work consists in this analysis, which complements a theoretical approach with an empirical part based upon the results that can be observed for the influence of one university located in a small/medium sized town (the University of Evora) in the spatial diffusion of knowledge through its graduates. 
Revisiting U. S. country of origin labeling trade damage estimates how does an equilibrium displacement model perform under different scenarios. Mexico and Canada successfully challenged the U. S. mandatory country of origin labeling (COOL) requirements for beef and pork as inconsistent with World Trade Organization (WTO) rules, which ultimately led to arbitration over the level of trade lost due to the COOL measure. During this phase of the dispute, Mexico, Canada, and the United States provided the Arbitration Panel with estimates of the trade losses caused by COOL that were produced using different quantitative methods. The U. S. estimates were based on an equilibrium displacement model (EDM). This article presents a version of the EDM used by the U. S. Government to calculate trade losses due to COOL. The Panel developed its own analysis combining econometric analysis and an EDM that used only supply-side information to calculate changes in Canadian and Mexican livestock trade. The U. S. EDM includes both the supply and demand sides of the market. We use the U. S. EDM and the Panel's assumptions to reestimate the value of lost trade due to COOL. The inclusion of demand-side effects and domestic COOL costs produces lower estimated trade damages than those produced using the Panel's analysis, validating the EDM as a useful quantitative tool for this type of trade policy analysis. 
Economic Risks of Aflatoxin Contamination in Marketing of Peanut in Benin. Aflatoxin (AF) is a human health, nutrition, and financial risk to many people in the developing world. AF contamination in peanut is caused by the fungi: Aspergillus flavus and Aspergillus parasiticus. AF is a potent carcinogenic toxin that also causes millions of dollars of financial losses to people in Africa. The fungus producing the AF can be reduced to an acceptable level by proper drying, sorting, storage, and cleaning of peanut. Government intervention and regulation can also encourage market participants to reduce AF contamination. In this report, we examine the financial risk associated with sorting, and storing of peanut and peanut products along the marketing chain. Study results show that the prices paid for peanut, prices received, the costs of sorting and storage are dominant factors in reducing AF levels in peanut. Practices such as drying, sorting, and storing, however, pose financial risks to market traders of peanut. Unless government intervenes by requesting an AF-reduced peanut and provides assistance for market liberalization where market participants consider quality in trading decisions, suppliers of peanut will be reluctant to adopt AFreducing techniques. 
A Random Forest Approach for Predicting Online Buying Behavior of Indian Customers. Online retailing in India has shown remarkable growth in the recent years. Despite having a low internet penetration rate of 34. 5%, India has the second largest number of internet users in the world after China. Given the growing importance of the online retail industry in India and its diverse set of sensitivities and region wise socio-psychological barriers, it is imperative for retailers to understand customer shopping preferences. In this report, we attempt to understand various factors influencing the online buying behavior of Indian customers in different product categories, across geographic locations in India. Also, we developed and validated the Random Forest prediction model for each identified product category, to understand if the Indian online shopping market is ready for these product categories or the traditional channel is preferred over by customer. A questionnaire based survey is used to collected data from 124 Indian respondents from 18 states of India. The survey captured from both offline and online shopping environment to aggregate understanding of customers' shopping preferences. The high Sensitivity (above 85%) of the Random Forest model for Books and Electronics categories suggests inclination of purchase intension of customer towards online shopping. Retailers can use this model to predict the buying behavior of customers based on the location. However, for product categories like Movies, Sports equipment and Handbags, the high value of Specificity signifies the model prediction towards offline purchase intensions. So for these product categories retailers may like to focus more on customer services at retail stores. 
The Bioeconomy and Foreign Trade in Food Products-A Sustainable Partnership at the European Level?. This research addresses the problem of the synergistic relationship between the sustainable development of the green economy (bioeconomy) at the European level and the commercial flows with food. Mainly, two components were analyzed and integrated: A qualitative one, on the perspective of the development of the bioeconomy at the European level, and a quantitative one, on the study of the nature of the inter-correlation between the exogenous indicators of foreign food trade (exports and imports) and the relevant endogenous indicators (the labor force, gross added value of agriculture, forestry and fisheries, research and development expenditure, forest area, fossil fuel energy consumption, and renewable energy consumption), for 24 European countries over a 22 year period. Exports and imports of food products are positively influenced by the added value of the agricultural sector and by the share of research and development expenditures, both in the short and long term. Renewable energy consumption influences exports in the short term, but in the long term, the forest area has a significant positive impact. Imports are negatively influenced by renewable energy consumption. The findings of this research can provide support for the future mix of policies. 
An Empirical Study of Fund Performance Ranking on Fund Manager's Risk Adjustment Behavior. Performance ranking is a key factor for investors to make investment decisions such as redemption. Numerous studies have shown that in order to improve and secure the year-end relative performance ranking, mid-year performance rankings have prompted fund managers ranked at different mid-year levels to adjust the risk levels of their portfolios to varying degrees in the second half of the year. This analysis is of great significance to improve the incentive mechanism of fund companies, investor investment activities and the performance of regulatory responsibilities by state institutions. First of all, this report makes a full sample study of the risk adjustment behavior of fund manager based on the fund's first-half performance by using the combination table analysis method and regression analysis method, and further studies the relationship between market state and fund manager's risk adjustment behavior. Result: Fund managers (losers) with lower mid-year performance increase portfolio risk more than fund managers (winners) who are at the top of the mid-year performance list. Finally, pay incentives dominate in a bull market, prompting fund managers to increase the risk of their portfolios in the second half of the year in the event of a lower first-half performance ranking, while career worries can have the opposite effect of performance rankings in a bear market. 
How Offshoring Can Affect the Industries' Skill Composition. While most of the offshoring literature focuses on the effects on relative wages, other implications do not receive the necessary attention. This report investigates the effects on the industries' skill ratio. It summarizes the empirical literature, discusses theoretical findings, and provides empirical evidence for Germany. As results show, effects are mainly driven by the industry where offshoring takes place. If offshoring takes place in high-skill intensive industries, the high-skill labor ratio increases (vice versa if offshoring takes place in low-skill intensive industries). Results are in line with other empirical findings, however, they seem to contradict theoretical causalities. Thus, we additionally discuss possible explanations. 
The Impact of Meal Attributes and Nudging on Healthy Meal Consumption -Evidence from a Lunch Restaurant Field Experiment. We use a field experiment in a lunch restaurant to analyze how meal attributes and a "nudge" impact healthy labeled meal consumption. The nudge consists of increasing the salience of healthy labeled meals by placing them at the top of the menu. We find that certain meal attributes (e. g. poultry and red meat) greatly increase both sales and the market share of the healthy labeled meal. We conclude that a careful design of the healthy food supply may be efficient in encouraging healthier meal choices, e. g. supplying healthy labeled versions of popular conventional meals. We find no impact on healthy labeled meal sales from the nudge. 
Impact of Ecological Related Innovations Enhancing the Efficiency of Corporate Environmental Responsibility. The present research paper focused on the phenomenon of innovation as a key solution for business success as it relates to corporate environmental responsibility (CER). The ultimate aim of CER is to prevent and even eliminate, if possible, the harmful impact of business performance on the environment. Every modern company should adhere to the obligations of CER since environmental pollution is a serious hazard that endangers future existence of humankind. For example, it is essential to implement strategies that can contribute to air and water protection. Ecological innovation emerged on the grounds of such urgent needs of environment. Eco-innovation strives to make a transition from business with harmful effects to one of the accountability. Therefore, the present study aimed to review relevant, reliable and up-to-date sources dealing with eco-based innovations in the context of CER. A qualitative research is selected so as to collect sufficient amount of detailed credible data on the issue of concern. The given paper relied on a secondary research encompassing literature review and relevant case studies and a survey as the primary research. Based on the outcomes, several innovations were identified and presented to the target audience. 
Liquidity Risk and Investors' Mood: Linking the Financial Market Liquidity to Sentiment Analysis through Twitter in the S&P500 Index. Microblogging services can enrich the information investors use to make financial decisions on the stock markets. As liquidity has immediate consequences for a trader's movements, this risk is an attractive area of interest for both academics and those who participate in the financial markets. This report focuses on market liquidity and studies the impact on liquidity and trading costs of the popular Twitter microblogging service. Sentiment analysis extracted from Twitter and different popular liquidity measures were gathered to analyze the relationship between liquidity and investors' opinions. The results, based on the analysis of the S&P 500 Index, found that the investors' mood had little influence on the spread of the index. 
Measuring and Comparing the Value-at-Risk Using GARCH and CARR Models for CSI 300 Index. This article is the first to provide a detailed method for range-based CARR model to estimate the VaR and its out-of-sample prediction. In this report, we use GARCH and CARR volatility models to compare the VaR's out-of-sample forecasting performance. Using the historical simulation method as benchmark for VaR estimation, we found that the historical simulation approach for VaR measurement is more conservative than GARCH and CARR methods. The mean violation rate for the CARR VaRs is lower than that of the GARCH VaRs. Meanwhile, the CARR VaR is able to deliver lower required capital levels without producing bigger violations. This report argued that the CARR VaR valuation approach is suitable as an internal model method for financial institution in VaR forecasting. 
Private Entrepreneurs of Communist Party Members and Corporate Social Responsibility: Evidence from Chinese Private Enterprise Survey. This report examines whether private entrepreneurs with communist party member status affect corporate social responsibility (CSR) performance of private enterprises. Our empirical result reveals that firms led by private entrepreneurs of communist party members are significantly associated with higher CSR score. The result is robust to confronting several sources of endogeneity, e. g. , re-examining the result using propensity score matching (PSM), entropy balancing (EB) and Heckman two-stage estimation, removing the influence of local religious culture. Further, the observed positive relation is particularly sharper for firms with party organization embedding and a good external legal environment. Our findings highlight entrepreneur political affiliation as an important driver of socially responsible corporate decision making. 
Financial Viability of an On-Farm Processing and Retail Enterprise: A Case Study of Value-Added Agriculture in Rural Kentucky (USA). Value-added processing and direct marketing are commonly recommended strategies for increasing income and improving the economic viability of small farms. This case study uses partial budgeting to examine the performance of an on-farm store in Kentucky (USA) over a six-year period (2014-2019), intended for adding value to raw farm ingredients through processing and direct sales to consumers. Three primary product supply chains were aggregated, stored, processed, and sold through the farm store: livestock (meats), grains (flours and meals), and fresh produce (fruits, vegetables, and herbs). In addition, prepared foods were made largely from the farm's ingredients and sold as ready-to-eat meals. Whole-farm income increased substantially as a result of the farm-store enterprise but the costs of operation exceeded the added income in every year of the study, illustrating the challenges to small farms in achieving a sufficient economy of scale in value-added enterprises. By the final two years of the study period, the enterprise was approaching break-even status. Ready-to-eat items, initially accounting for a small fraction total sales, were the most important product category by the end of the study period. This analysis highlights the importance of adaptability in the survival and growth of a value-adding enterprise as well as the critical role of subsidies in establishing similar enterprises, particularly in low-income, rural areas. 
Heterogeneity and Colonial Governance. Some existing studies argue that indirect colonial rule adversely affects postcolonial development. To analyze the situation under which a colonial power adopts indirect rule to govern a colony, we analyze a delegation model wherein the colonial power decides whether to delegate policy choice to an agent who has an information advantage but has different policy preferences from that of the colonial power. The colonial power decides whether to delegate policy choice in multiple districts, and can acquire information by paying a cost in each district. We show that colonial powers are prone to adopt indirect rule when the heterogeneity among districts is high. The results are a possible explanation for why colonial powers utilized indirect rule in Africa, a region with high levels of ethnic diversity. 
Embedded Processor's Application to the Beam Quality Analyzer. Introduces the bus standard of an embedded processor named PC104, discusses the embedded laser beam quality analyzer software and hardware design based on the standards, and gives the test results of the instrument. It was shown that if the embedded technique was used for beam quality measurement, functional integration of the beam quality analyzing equipment can be achieved. That is the all in one system including the function of data acquisition and processing, beam quality factor calculation, results shown and the network communication, which has advantages such as small volume, powerful function, high reliability, good extension and so on. A better solution for application the beam quality analyzer into the industry field was provided in the paper. 
Integrated Business Intelligent System for E-Health: A Case for Dermatology Diseases. In the current era, information technology has boosted every field of life either business industry or healthcare to integrate the internal processes of it. Due to the demand of managing huge data related to these fields numerous information systems play different roles in making the organizational processes robust and up to date. This report discusses the integrated business intelligence implication specifically for healthcare to provide the fast and precise information on time. Therefore, this report discusses the idea of building intelligent system based on Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) databases using exclusively for dermatology diseases by applying data mining techniques. Firstly, classification mining has been applied for categorization data based on patient's record. Then rules and patterns generated from the categorized data related to dermatology diseases, symptoms and treatments. The proposed system will retrieve the corresponding information related to the given symptoms along with medication and complete treatment. This research aims to integrate different ERP processes with centralized ERP database to provide business intelligence effectively for the dermatologists. The paper has provided with the comprehensive conceptual framework and each step has been discussed in detail. 
A Study on the Second Class Construction System of University Library under the Background of General Education. University library is an extension of class teaching, and it is more flexible educationally. The library plays its role of the second class mainly through three ways: First, it is to carry out the work of the second class in the university library; second, it is to make full use of the "second resources" in the university library; and the third is to create the best learning atmosphere in the university library. Through the study of the construction system of the second classroom in University libraries, we can better enhance the service ability of the library for undergraduate teaching. 
How Digital Platforms Can Trigger Cultural Value Co-Creation?-A Proposed Model. Starting from an overview of the current trends in ICTs and adopting a SD Logic perspective, the paper is aimed both at analyzing users' engagement in the e-cultural value co-creation process and at proposing a theoretical model conceptualized to shed lights on the interactions occurring between users and culture organizations that led to the (co)creation of value-in-context. The paper starts with a theoretical-conceptual analysis about the digitalization process and focuses on the impact that this process has had on culture heritage domain. The proposed theoretical model specifies which mechanisms the digital capabilities enable for co-creating e-cultural value. Even though the paper lacks an empirical validation, it offers a concrete exemplification of the proposed model. Thus the paper conceptualizes a theoretical model which provides interesting suggestions that help heritage managers in adopting strategies able to shape a cultural service ecosystem. The originality of this conceptual research lies upon its contribution in deepening the understanding about e-cultural value co-creation process and in conceptualizing a model based on the concept of value in context. 
Inducing Sparsity and Shrinkage in Time-Varying Parameter Models Inducing Sparsity and Shrinkage in Time-Varying Parameter Models. Time-varying parameter (TVP) models have the potential to be over-parameterized, particularly when the number of variables in the model is large. Global-local priors are increasingly used to induce shrinkage in such models. But the estimates produced by these priors can still have appreciable uncertainty. Sparsification has the potential to reduce this uncertainty and improve forecasts. In this article, we develop computationally simple methods which both shrink and sparsify TVP models. In a simulated data exercise, we show the benefits of our shrink-then-sparsify approach in a variety of sparse and dense TVP regressions. In a macroeconomic forecasting exercise, we find our approach to substantially improve forecast performance relative to shrinkage alone. 
Health Insurance Is Associated with Decreased Odds for Undiagnosed Prediabetes and Type 2 Diabetes in American Adults. Over a third of adults in the United States have prediabetes, and many of those with prediabetes will progress to type 2 diabetes within 3-5 years. Health insurance status may factor into a proper diagnosis of prediabetes and diabetes. This analysis sought to determine the associations between health insurance and undiagnosed prediabetes and diabetes in a national sample of American adults. Publicly available data from 13,029 adults aged 18-64 years from the 2005-2016 waves of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were analyzed. Health insurance type (Medicaid, Private, Other, None) was self-reported. Prediabetes and diabetes status were assessed with measures of self-report, glycohemoglobin, fasting plasma glucose, and two-hour glucose. Covariate-adjusted logistic models were used for the analyses. Overall, 5976 (45. 8%) participants had undiagnosed prediabetes, while 897 (6. 8%) had undiagnosed diabetes. Having health insurance was associated with decreased odds ratios for undiagnosed prediabetes: 0. 87 (95% confidence interval (CI: 0. 79, 0. 95)) for private insurance, 0. 84 (CI: 0. 73, 0. 95) for other insurance, and 0. 78 (CI: 0. 67, 0. 90) for Medicaid. Moreover, having private health insurance was associated with 0. 82 (CI: 0. 67, 0. 99) decreased odds for undiagnosed diabetes. Health insurance coverage and screening opportunities for uninsured individuals may reduce prediabetes and diabetes misclassifications. 
Assessment of China's virtual air pollution transport embodied in trade by using a consumption-based emission inventory. Substantial anthropogenic emissions from China have resulted in serious air pollution, and this has generated considerable academic and public concern. The physical transport of air pollutants in the atmosphere has been extensively investigated; however, understanding the mechanisms how the pollutant was transferred through economic and trade activities remains a challenge. For the first time, we quantified and tracked China's air pollutant emission flows embodied in interprovincial trade, using a multiregional input-output model framework. Trade relative emissions for four key air pollutants (primary fine particle matter, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides and non-methane volatile organic compounds) were assessed for 2007 in each Chinese province. We found that emissions were significantly redistributed among provinces owing to interprovincial trade. Large amounts of emissions were embodied in the imports of eastern regions from northern and central regions, and these were determined by differences in regional economic status and environmental policy. It is suggested that measures should be introduced to reduce air pollution by integrat-ing cross-regional consumers and producers within national agreements to encourage efficiency improvement in the supply chain and optimize consumption structure internationally. The consumption-based air pollutant emission inventory developed in this work can be further used to attribute pollution to various economic activities and final demand types with the aid of air quality models. 
Dynamically Measuring Statistical Dependencies in Multivariate Financial Time Series Using Independent Component Analysis. We present a computationally tractable approach to dynamically measure statistical dependencies in multivariate non-Gaussian signals. The approach makes use of extensions of independent component analysis to calculate information coupling, as a proxy measure for mutual information, between multiple signals and can be used to estimate uncertainty associated with the information coupling measure in a straightforward way. We empirically validate relative accuracy of the information coupling measure using a set of synthetic data examples and showcase practical utility of using the measure when analysing multivariate financial time series. 
Gauging Risk Stability: A Simple Test Using Patterns of Workers' Compensation Claims. In financial risk management, whether for national and international entities, or within a firm, it is important to be able to decide what risks are altered by past experience (or intervention of a central banker at the national level, or a firm's risk manager at the employer level) and what risks do not vary over time (risks from intrinsic heterogeneity). Policies aimed at changing intrinsic risk will obviously not be cost effective, though tools for identifying such unchanging risks may help to minimize losses associated with those risks. This report outlines a simple test that allows the researcher to distinguish these alternative risk types. We present our test in the context of patterns of workers' compensation lost day claims to test whether past experience explains repeated claims for some individuals, or whether some individuals exhibit an innate heterogeneity in claims-filing propensities. We find that a previous claim significantly increases claim probabilities in the future using easy to estimate and interpret "runs" tests on the claims. This suggests, for the risk management problem examined here, that early intervention to limit the effects of the first lost time claim may produce significant disability-cost savings with respect to future claims. 
Circular Business Model Challenges and Lessons Learned-An Industrial Perspective. Both practitioners and researchers are concerned about resource deficiencies on the planet earth and agree that circular business models (CBMs) represent solutions to move towards zero waste, improving environmental impacts and increasing economic profit. Despite all of the benefits of CBMs, the implications are not widely available, and failure rates are high. Thus, there is a need to identify the obstacles that stand in the way of CBM transition. This report aims to identify the primary challenges of CBMs. Multiple case studies are employed, incorporating six companies and data gleaned from 17 in-depth interviews. Theoretical and managerial implications are described at the end of the study. 
Reveal of household capabilities through financial literacy in community-based tourism. The purpose of this analysis is to determine the extent of the condition of household financial literacy in community-based tourism which has continued to develop. Another thing that is also being studied knows the right way that households in the community-based tourism area are more empowered by increasing their financial literacy. In this research, the approach used is descriptive qualitative by conducting field studies to explore information from questionnaires given to respondents who are households in the community-based tourism area. Then conclude through purposive question to be able descripting real conclusions. The findings of this analysis indicate that not many households in community-based tourism are well literate with a low level of financial knowledge, so they are still unable to optimize the income they receive. There is a scheme from the government to help improve the welfare of the community in communitybased tourism areas with financial assistance and financial knowledge. This research only conducts studies in certain areas in the area around Junrejo municipality, Batu, East Java. The location is an area that has community groups that mostly have livelihoods as provider of tourism good and services. 
Modeling Currency Flow in an Economy: The Case of India's Demonetization in 2016. The 2016-2017 economic event of a sudden demonetization in India can provide an empirical example in which to test the validity of some schools of monetary theory, particularly the Chartalist School. The Chartalist School distinguished three kinds of money: Fiat, Commodity, and Managed Money. The event provided empirical evidence that this distinction between currencies in an economy is valid and important. The sudden withdrawal of Fiat money immediately decreased the amount of commodity money, creating an economic crisis in local Indian commerce. Managed money, as bank accounts, was unable to fill the temporary gap in the supply of money because a large portion of the Indian population did not have bank accounts. Also the government did not supply a sufficient number of new 500 and 2000 rupee notes to quickly replace the withdrawn 500 and 1000 rupee notes. 
An Evaluation of the Long-Term Stagnancy of Porewater in the Neogene Sedimentary Rocks in Northern Japan. A groundwater dating for very old porewater using 36 Cl and 4 He was applied to the Koetoi and Wakkanai formations distributed in the northernmost part in Japan. Measured 36 Cl/Cl in the Koetoi Formation was 2. 6 +- 2. 0 x 10 -15 and that in the Wakkanai Formation was 8. 1 +- 2. 5 x 10 -15. These values are similar to 36 Cl/Cl in situ secular equilibrium calculated from chemical compositions of core suggesting that Cl - ions and porewater have remained in the formations for much longer than half-life of 36 Cl. He concentration in porewater ranged from 1. 1 x 10 -6 to 2. 6 x 10 -5 (cc STP g w -1 ) and it is much higher than water saturated with air indicating that both formations contain very old porewater. However, the possibility of mixing of young water was indicated because He concentration was lower than that calculated by multiplication of in situ He production and time after the uplift. This possibility was also supported by Cl - , D, and 18 O data. After combining information on 36 Cl/Cl, 4 He, and D and 18 O, it was inferred that the porewater in the deep part of the Wakkanai Formation might have been stagnant since the uplift. The porewater in the Koetoi Formation and the shallow part of the Wakkanai Formation were found to be affected by young surface water. 
Activity of Selected Nucleoside Analogue ProTides against Zika Virus in Human Neural Stem Cells. Zika virus (ZIKV), an emerging flavivirus that causes neurodevelopmental impairment to fetuses and has been linked to Guillain-Barre syndrome continues to threaten global health due to the absence of targeted prophylaxis or treatment. Nucleoside analogues are good examples of efficient anti-viral inhibitors, and prodrug strategies using phosphate masking groups (ProTides) have been employed to improve the bioavailability of ribonucleoside analogues. Here, we synthesized and tested a small library of 13 ProTides against ZIKV in human neural stem cells. Strong activity was observed for 2 -C-methyluridine and 2 -C-ethynyluridine ProTides with an aryloxyl phosphoramidate masking group. Substitution of a 2-(methylthio) ethyl phosphoramidate for the aryloxyl phosphoramidate ProTide group of 2 -C-methyluridine completely abolished antiviral activity of the compound. The aryloxyl phosphoramidate ProTide of 2 -C-methyluridine outperformed the hepatitis C virus (HCV) drug sofosbuvir in suppression of viral titers and protection from cytopathic effect, while the former compound's triphosphate active metabolite was better incorporated by purified ZIKV NS5 polymerase over time. These findings suggest both a nucleobase and ProTide group bias for the anti-ZIKV activity of nucleoside analogue ProTides in a disease-relevant cell model. 
Discrimination in a Covert Methodology: An Analysis of Physical and Social Characteristics That Prohibit People from Becoming Employed. Organizations all over the world are found guilty of using stereotypes to discriminate against applicants in the selection process for employment. This research seeks to answer the question what stereotypes are used to discriminate against people in the selection process and consequently provide an analysis of the physical and social characteristics that prohibit people from gaining employment. A sample of 87 working adults taking a Human Resources Management course were selected to complete a survey that questioned them on physical characteristics and how they affected their decisions on hiring or rejecting applicants. Historical research has held that interviews possess some stereotypes such as race, gender, age, height and weight to judge applicants rather than their skills, knowledge and ability to perform the job. Five hypotheses were posited for testing. Mixed support was provided that respondents ignore most stereotypical characteristics in the employment selection process but surprisingly strong support for one's appearance and dress was found. It is recommended that interviewers undertake detailed training, decrease stereotyping by focusing on job description and keep interviews job related. It is also wise for interviews to include tests when judging applicant's skills, knowledge and ability. Federal laws and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission also serve to ensure that equal opportunity is granted to all and discrimination is avoided. 
Fabrication of an Antireflective Nanodome Array with High Packing Density for Photovoltaic Applications. This report describes a nanofabrication method for an antireflective nanodome array with high packing density. The master for the close packed nanodome array was fabricated by industrially well-established photolithography and physical vapor deposition processes to realize uniform and defect-free nanostructure in large area. The nanodome array was formed on the surface of a glass plate by a nanoimprinting process using the replicated mold from the master with the aim of reducing the Fresnel reflection of the glass surface. The replication fidelity was verified using scanning electron microscopy and the nanodome structured glass substrate showed ~3% increase in optical transmittance. 
Development of Charging Infrastructure and Subsidies for Promoting Electric Vehicles. This report clarifies an effect of policy on the development of charging infrastructure and subsidies for promoting electric vehicles (EVs). Due to the long-term function of charging infrastructure, this report constructs a multiple-period model to analyze policy effects on the diffusion of EVs from a long-term perspective. This report shows that charging infrastructure and subsidy encourage innovation on increasing the battery capacity of EVs. Because intertemporal cost allocation can be executed in the development of a charging infrastructure with a subsidy, a policy with a long-term perspective can enhance the charging infrastructure and promote EVs effectively. 
Accounting and Stock Market Performance in the US: Evidence from Joiners and Leavers. We consider recent data from three major US indices (S & P500, NASDAQ 100, and DJIA) to examine the effect of joiners and leavers on stock market returns and volatility. We report (a) a positive effect of leavers on stock market returns (S & P500, DJIA), (b) a positive effect of leavers on stock market volatility (S & P500), and (c) a negative effect of joiners on DJIA stock market returns and volatility. No effects reported for NASDAQ100. We compare these results with the profitability, P/E and Price to Book index ratios. These findings are recommended to financial managers and investors dealing with US stock indices. 
Modeling and Quantifying of the Global Wrong Way Risk. The counterparty risk issue has become increasingly important in the world of finance. This risk is defined as the loss due to the counterparty default. The regulator uses the Credit Value Adjustment (CVA) to measure this risk. However, there is the independency assumption between the default and the exposure behind the CVA computation and it is not verified on the financial market. This report presents two mathematical models for the assessment and the quantification of the counterparty risk without this assumption. This kind of risk is known as Wrong Way Risk (WWR). This analysis focuses on three approaches: empirical, copula and mixed model. The first one is based on the hazard rate modelling to express the correlation between the probability of default and the exposure. The second one is about calculating the WWR effect using copulas. The last one is a combination of both. There is another assumption that makes easier the CVA computation: The constant of the loss given default (LGD). As we know this assumption is not verified because the LGD could be deterministic or stochastic. Otherwise, it could lead to a correlation effect between the LGD, the exposure and the default, and we then obtain a Global Wrong Way Risk (GWWR). Indeed, we propose a model allowing the CVA quantification without these assumptions. 
Close Range Photogrammetry for Direct Multiple Feature Positioning Measurement without Targets. The main objective of this analysis is to present a new method to carry out measurements so as to improve the positioning verification step in the wind hub part dimensional validation process. This enhancement will speed up the measuring procedures for these types of parts. An industrial photogrammetry based system was applied to take advantage of its results, and new functions were added to existing capabilities. In addition to a new development based on photogrammetry modelling and image processing, a measuring procedure was defined based on optical and vision system considerations. A validation against a certified procedure by means of a laser-tracker has also been established obtaining deviations of +-0. 125 m/m. 
Health of Nurses with Leadership and Management Functions: An Integrative Review. The purpose of this report is to present findings of an integrative literature review relatedto health and wellbeing of nurses with leadership and management functions and its associated factors, in order to provide the best available evidence on this topic. A large body of knowledge related to nursing health and well-being exists, but little we know about this topic in a nurse leadership and management role. It is a complex role in nursing that implies both clinical and leadership knowledge and abilities. A comprehensive search of electronic databases, focusing on articles published in English and Italian languages during 2009-2018, was completed. A three-step approach was used and from the original 1345 studies, 17 papers were included in this systematic literature review. Two independent reviewers analyzed these papers for critical appraisal on methodological quality and their topics. Narrative synthesis of the empirical literature allowed highlighting the most important results related to the topic investigated. This integrative review has shown that nurse leader and manager roles are stressful mainly for its specific functions and job demands. Directions for future high-quality research are suggested both to deepen the relative importance of the specific risk and protective health factors in nursing leadership roles. repeated, these stressors can negatively affect nurses' physical and mental health and their well-being. In literature, burnout syndrome is widely documented [1]. 
Industrial Structure Change in Chinese Cities: Measurement Based on the Extent and Quality. Promoting industrial restructure and optimizing industrial structure are the keys to improve ecological environment and upgrade products' global value chain. From aspects of the extent of industrial change and productivity of industrial upgrading, by constructing the extent index of industrial change and quality index of industrial upgrading, we examine and evaluate the industrial structure change of 270 cities of China since 1999. This report finds that, the extent of China's industrial structure change in 1999-2007 appears to follow an inverted U-shaped trend with a turning point emerging in 2004. The productivity index of industrial upgrading rises and China's industrial structure increasingly depends on industries with high productivity and high technology complexity. Eastern regions are characterized by biggest change and the best quality, better in the central and the worst in the west. However, from 2001, the regional difference of the extent of industrial change and quality of industrial upgrading is narrowing, the spatial distribution pattern of big change of the industrial structure in the east and the small change of the west is gradually broken down, the quality of industrial structure converging. 
Smart City 4. 0 from the Perspective of Open Innovation. The purpose of a Smart City is to solve its inherent problems while simultaneously reducing its expenditure and improving its quality of life. Through the 4th Industrial Revolution technology, the advantages of Smart City are estimated to overcome the city's expenses with city platformization. While a city traditionally is the subject of creation and not consumption, a Smart City currently is the key industry in generating more than 60% of its GDP in value creation from a production viewpoint. Moreover, with the expansion of online-offline convergence, cities can grow without limitation on its size, where connectivity and innovation determine the inclination of the city's benefit-cost curve. As a city platform is responsible for connectivity, its value drastically increases through the 4th Industrial Revolution's O2O (online to offline convergence) platform. When a city reflects on its own as a Digital Twin in the Cloud and when complete information becomes accessible through citizen's participation through smartphones (Edge), Self-organization takes place, an ideal linkage between the city and citizens. Cities go through the self-organizing process of complex adaptive systems like the human brain. This research proposes a future model of a "Self-organizing City," and suggests implementing the Smart City model based on the Smart City Tech-Socio Model in implementing strategies. 
Identifying Business Practices Promoting Sustainability in Aboriginal Tourism Enterprises in Remote Australia. Aboriginal tourism entrepreneurs operating in remote regions of Australia draw on their 60,000 years of heritage to offer unique and distinct cultural experiences to domestic and international tourists. Living and operating in remote climates presents challenges to achieving successful and sustainable enterprises, including extreme weather, substandard infrastructure, distance from policy makers, distance from markets and the commercialisation of culture, which is customarily owned by and for use by traditional custodians, to produce and deliver a market-ready tourism product. However, many remote Aboriginal tourism entrepreneurs nevertheless achieve success and sustainability. This report builds on the work of Foley to identify the characteristics of successful remote Aboriginal tourism enterprises and Aboriginal entrepreneurs in remote areas and the resourceful and creative business practices used by remote Aboriginal entrepreneurs to overcome barriers to success and finds that ongoing connections to community and culture are a key factor in that success. It also draws on the United Nation's Sustainable Development Goals to identify how the characteristics of remote tourism entrepreneurs and enterprises promote or inhibit the achievement of sustainability and suggests that they offer a framework for effective support of remote Aboriginal entrepreneurs. It concludes by noting that the industry would benefit from further investigation of the contributions made to sustainability by remote Aboriginal tourism enterprises and their stakeholders. 
An Experience-Based Framework for Evaluating Tourism Mobile Commerce Platforms. This research presents and studies an evaluation framework for tourism mobile commerce platforms based on tourists' experience. Synthesizing from prior literature, relevant theories, and the results of online questionnaires, we select 24 evaluation indices for preliminary evaluation. Using exploratory factor analysis method, we then extract from these indices the following five principal factors: interactive experience, infrastructure experience, personalization experience, product or service quality experience, and product operation experience. We further employ the confirmatory factor analysis to test the construction of the evaluation framework and demonstrate that the evaluation framework is both robust and effective. Finally, based on our proposed evaluation framework, we empirically evaluate the most popular mobile commerce platforms (Ctrip and Qunaer) in China by using fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method. 
Construction of Group Events Risk Field Model Based on the Integrated Framework for Disaster Risk. This report is mainly based on the integrated framework for disaster risk and risk field theory, building an event risk field model and using this model for group events. Then, the paper describes group events for the concept, analyzes the characteristics and types of mass incidents and constructs the risk field model according to the risk of field theory. Finally, the paper gives a case triggered by taxi transport strike incident and puts forward the mass event control strategy according to the use of the risk field model. 
A Functional Approach to an Early Diagnosis and Early Intervention Program for Pre-School Children with Special Educational Needs in Hong Kong. Based on these measures and clinical observation, an Individualized Development Plan (IDP) has been designed for each child. A functional approach, rather than a diagnostic approach, has been applied in designing the IDPs, communicating them to the parents, and providing the children with relevant individual and group counselling and therapeutic services. Through illustration of this approach, we hope to stimulate further clinical and public discussion in the arenas of issues faced by children with SEN and their parents, as well as the perceived and projected advantages of early diagnosis and early intervention. 
Treaties on the International Trade Dispute Settlement and the China "Belt and Road" Initiative. Under the background of the "Belt and Road" initiative, international trade disputes could be classified into three types: international trade disputes between states, international investment disputes between state and investor, and international trade disputes between parties as non-states. Due to the characteristic of difference disputes, there are different settlement mechanisms. For disputes that involve states in the context of the "One Belt and One Road" initiative, the Multilateral dispute settlement mechanism such as World Trade Organization (WTO) and International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) should not be applied directly because of their limitations or shortcomings of their mechanism, but the New York Convention is the most effective mechanism for resolving disputes between individuals over international trade. The model of international trade between countries along the "Belt and Road" is "China-centered" and "peer-to-peer", which determined the superiority of bilateral consultation and settlement mechanism, thus it is urgent to improve or revise bilateral treaties between China and the countries along the "Belt and Road". At the meantime, it is also essential to create a "reticular trade" environment among countries with a view to promoting the establishment of multilateral cooperation mechanisms among countries along the "Belt and Road". 
Discussion on the Application of PPP Model in New Infrastructure Construction. In order to study how to promote the new infrastructure construction by PPP model, this report summarizes the meaning and characteristics of Public-Private Partnership, elaborates the significance of PPP model applied in new infrastructure, and expounds the problems faced by PPP model applied in new infrastructure. The paper shows that if we overcome the difficulties for the PPP model, the PPP model can promote the new infrastructure construction. And the paper gives some suggestions: changing the traditional role played by the government, highlighting its guiding function, formulating rational distribution of interests, resolving dispute reasonably, forming scientific and rational pricing mechanism for the public good and service, cultivating specialized personnel. 
Provide Consumers with What They Want on Word of Mouth Forums *. Internet word-of-mouth (WOM) has a powerful impact on the consumer information search process. However, richness in information causes information overload. Consumers are not able to efficiently find the information they need among numerous and often redundant WOM postings and forums. As consumers become knowledgeable about WOM outlets, they may lower their search cost as they learn what kind of information to expect on various WOM forums. This conceptual paper develops research propositions to explain: 1) types of information consumers expect to see on different types of WOM forums, and 2) how expectations relate to satisfaction with WOM information and forums. 
Water exchange traded funds: A study on idiosyncratic risk using Markov switching analysis under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4. 0 license Water exchange traded funds: A study on idiosyncratic risk using Markov switching analysis. We investigate the relationship between idiosyncratic risk and return among four water exchange traded funds-PowerShares Water Resources Portfolio, Power Shares Global Water, First Trust ISE Water Index Fund, and Guggenheim S&P Global Water Index ETF using the Markov switching model for the period 2007-2015. The generated transition probabilities in this report show that there is a high and low probability of switching between Regimes 1 and 3, respectively. Moreover, we find that the idiosyncratic risk for most of the exchange traded funds move from low volatility (Regime 2) to very low volatility (Regime 1 and 3). Our study also identify that the beta coefficients are positive and entire values are less than 1. Thus, it seems that water investment has a lower systematic risk and a positive effect on the water exchange traded index funds returns during different regimes. 
Journal of Personalized Medicine Insurance Coverage Policies for Personalized Medicine. Adoption of personalized medicine in practice has been slow, in part due to the lack of evidence of clinical benefit provided by these technologies. Coverage by insurers is a critical step in achieving widespread adoption of personalized medicine. Insurers consider a variety of factors when formulating medical coverage policies for personalized medicine, including the overall strength of evidence for a test, availability of clinical guidelines and health technology assessments by independent organizations. In this analysis, we reviewed coverage policies of the largest U. S. insurers for genomic (disease-related) and pharmacogenetic (PGx) tests to determine the extent that these tests were covered and the evidence basis for the coverage decisions. We identified 41 coverage policies for 49 unique testing: 22 tests for disease diagnosis, prognosis and risk and 27 PGx tests. Fifty percent (or less) of the tests reviewed were covered by insurers. Lack of evidence of clinical utility appears to be a major factor in decisions of non-coverage. The inclusion of PGx information in drug package inserts appears to be a common theme of PGx tests that are covered. This analysis highlights the variability of coverage determinations and factors considered, suggesting that the adoption of personal medicine will affected by numerous factors, but will continue to be slowed due to lack of demonstrated clinical benefit. 
Poverty and malaria morbidity in the Jirapa District of Ghana: A count regression approach. Malaria potentially affects everyone in the tropics and sub-tropics, however, the poor and vulnerable are worse affected mainly due to the socio-economic constraints that confront them. In Ghana, the Upper West Region, which is the poorest, is one of the worse affected in terms of malaria burden. Given social and economic factors directly relate to malaria morbidity, global malaria control strategy unfortunately has not particularly targeted the effects of socio-economic deprivation on the disease morbidity and control. This analysis investigates the linkages between poverty and malaria morbidity using count data models, with Jirapa District in the Upper West Region of Ghana as the study area. Empirical results confirm the presence of poverty in the study area as more than half of households depend on heads whose incomes are below the poverty line of US$1 per day and that significant relationships exist between poverty and education on the one hand and malaria morbidity on the other, since gender and level of education of household head, and household poverty situation are significant determinants of malaria morbidity. The study thus recommends that policies aimed at reducing and/or eradicating malaria should include measures to increase income earning capacity of households in the study area. 
Integration of Internet Technology to Support The Wayang Orang Ngesti Pandawa Business. Wayang orang is one of the cultural heritages that until now is still being preserved. However, the wayang orang Ngesti Pandawa in Semarang ifaces difficulty in attracting an audience. The number of viewers are few and limited to residents of Semarang and its surroundings. Internet technology, financial technology, website, social media integration, and government support is expected to increase the interest of people to attend the performances. This analysis examines the view of new students towards the Ngesti Pandawa wayang theatre. The results shows that young people are still interested in the wayang orang Ngesti Pandawa. They also have given various inputs on how to increase the audience number and keep the Wayang Orang well preserved. 
Fiscal Imbalances and Interest Rate Change in Pakistan: A Co-Integration Analysis. The study investigated the relationship among fiscal deficit, public debt, inflation, international interest rates and the interest rate change in Pakistan using time series data for the period 1981-2011. Augmented Dickey Fuller Unit root test was used to check stationarity of time series data. The study employed co-integration approach to check the long-run relationship among variables. The findings of the study showed a positive and significant relationship between explanatory variables and interest rate change. The study suggested that the fiscal deficit, public debt and double digit inflation should be controlled in order to decrease the interest rate and interest rate fluctuation in Pakistan. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Capital Adequacy, Deposit Insurance, and the Effect of Their Interaction on Bank Risk. This report investigates how deposit insurance and capital adequacy affect bank risk for five developed and nine emerging markets over the period of 1992-2015. Although full coverage of deposit insurance induces moral hazard by banks, deposit insurance is still an effective tool, especially during the time of crisis. On the contrary, capital adequacy by itself does not effectively perform the monitoring role and leads to the asset substitution problem. Implementing the safety nets of both deposit insurance and capital adequacy together could be a sustainable financial architecture. Immediate-effect analysis reveals that the interplay between deposit insurance and capital adequacy is indispensable for banking system stability. 
A Study of the Market Failure in the Financing of High-Tech SMEs and the Governmental Intervention. With the progress of the society, the High-tech SMEs play a more and more important role in the development and innovation of a country. However, the financing of the High-tech SMEs faces a serious market failure, and the government has to intervene. Based on this, this article analyzes the root which leads to the market failure in the financing of High-tech SMEs from three aspects: serious uncertainty, information asymmetry and externality, and puts forward the concrete policy measures of government intervention and discusses the government failure that exists in the process of governmental intervention. Finally, on the basis of above analysis, this report puts forward some appropriate policy recommendations. 
A Study on Customer Segmentation for E-Commerce Using the Generalized Association Rules and Decision Tree. With the rapid development of e-commerce, e-commerce is becoming more and more competitive. How to improve customer loyalty, attract more new customers, and expand the market effectively, it is very important for the e-commerce enterprise. In this report, a comprehensive model is proposed, which is based on generalized association rules and decision tree technology. The model is used for customer segmentation of e-commerce website. It can help e-commerce companies understand customers, support decision-making, so as to provide customers with more targeted services. 
Transversality and the Stochastic Nature of Cash Flows. We show that a transversality condition is necessary when it comes to valuing a company with an infinite lifespan. Without transversality the firm value cannot be uniquely determined. Also, an assumption on a lower bound of cash flows is necessary to achieve the desired result. We discuss four different stochastic cash flow processes and analyze to what extent the processes associated with these enterprise values satisfy the transversality condition. 
National and Regional Economic Growth with Fiscal Policies: Congested Public Goods and Endogenous Labor Supply of a Small-Open Economy. The purpose of this analysis is to build a two-regional growth model with capital accumulation, endogenous time distribution between leisure and labor, and regional public goods with fiscal policies. We emphasize dynamic interactions among capital accumulation, externalities, supply of public good with different fiscal policies, congestion of public good, endogenous time, and economic geography. The economy consists of two regions and each region consists of the industrial sector and public sector. First, we develop the two-region growth model with public goods and fiscal policies. Second, we show how to find equilibrium values of the dynamic system. Then, we simulate model with specified parameter values. Finally, we carry out comparative statics analysis with regard to parameter changes in tax rates and congestion. Our comparative statics analysis provides some important insights. For instance, a main difference between the effects of increasing the two regions' tax rates on the output is that as region 1's (2's) tax rate on the industrial sector is increased, the national industrial output, national capital employed by the economy, and the national wealth are increased (reduced). 
Research on the Construction and Elements of Integrated Supply Chain Management-An Example of P. G. Logistics Group. The construction of service mode is the key to the formation and development of the logistics enterprises' core competitiveness. Especially in the context of integrated supply chain, how to effectively build and promote the innovative service mode is the core issue of logistics enterprises' survival. Therefore, recognizing the driving forces of logistics enterprises in service mode reform and establishing a proper organizational structure which promotes innovative elements are a constant that needs for further research. Based on the China domestic and international research on the related theories of supply chain integration, this report puts forward the construction and elements of the supply chain integrated service mode and makes a single case study. The core content of this mode and its application in practice is the driving forces behind the integrated supply chain service mode and the relationship between service mode elements and its governance. 
Sustainable B2B E-Commerce and Blockchain-Based Supply Chain Finance. Information technology advancements integrated with the e-commerce supply chain allow participants in the business process to effectively work with large volumes of data and control transactions. To improve the profitability and competitiveness of e-commerce companies, a blockchain solution was incorporated into the global B2B (Business-to-Business) supply chain. This technology simplified the transaction process by providing all participants in the sustainable B2B buying process with the same data about the trade. Overall, the use of blockchain improved the efficiency of logistics and digital documentation which reached 74% and 75%, respectively. The main advantage of using blockchain is that it creates a decentralized database that is secure. In addition, it increases the speed of payment and the reliability and transparency of data transfer. Further research may focus on the use of blockchain in green logistics to improve environmental sustainability in the e-commerce supply chain. 
Dividend Payout Ratio and Firm's Profitability. Evidence from Pakistan. This report investigates the relationship between dividend payout ratio and profitability of a firm. For this, two main sectors of Pakistan are selected, energy and textile. The study covers a time span of 1996-2008. Firm performance is measured by earning per share (EPS) and return on assets (ROA). The results of logarithmic regression show that no matter what industry is, there is a negative impact of dividend payout ratio on next year earnings of a firm. 
Modelling and Predicting the Growing Stock Volume in Small-Scale Plantation Forests of Tanzania Using Multi-Sensor Image Synergy. Remotely sensed assisted forest inventory has emerged in the past decade as a robust and cost efficient method for generating accurate information on forest biophysical parameters. The launching and public access of ALOS PALSAR-2, Sentinel-1 (SAR), and Sentinel-2 together with the associated open-source software, has further increased the opportunity for application of remotely sensed data in forest inventories. In this analysis, we evaluated the ability of ALOS PALSAR-2, Sentinel-1 (SAR) and Sentinel-2 and their combinations to predict growing stock volume in small-scale forest plantations of Tanzania. The effects of two variable extraction approaches (i. e. , centroid and weighted mean), seasonality (i. e. , rainy and dry), and tree species on the prediction accuracy of growing stock volume when using each of the three remotely sensed data were also investigated. Statistical models relating growing stock volume and remotely sensed predictor variables at the plot-level were fitted using multiple linear regression. The models were evaluated using the k-fold cross validation and judged based on the relative root mean square error values (RMSEr). The results showed that: Sentinel-2 (RMSEr = 42. 03% and pseudo - R 2 = 0. 63) and the combination of Sentinel-1 and Sentinel-2 (RMSEr = 46. 98% and pseudo - R 2 = 0. 52), had better performance in predicting growing stock volume, as compared to Sentinel-1 (RMSEr = 59. 48% and pseudo - R 2 = 0. 18) alone. Models fitted with variables extracted from the weighted mean approach, turned out to have relatively lower RMSEr % values, as compared to centroid approaches. Sentinel-2 rainy season based models had slightly smaller RMSEr values, as compared to dry season based models. Dense time series (i. e. , annual) data resulted to the models with relatively lower RMSEr values, as compared to seasonal based models when using variables extracted from the weighted mean approach. For the centroid approach there was no notable difference between the models fitted using dense time series versus rain season based predictor variables. Stratifications based on tree species resulted into lower RMSEr values for Pinus patula tree species, as compared to other tree species. Finally, our study concluded that combination of Sentinel-1&2 as well as the use Sentinel-2 alone can be considered for remote-sensing assisted forest inventory in the small-scale plantation forests of Tanzania. Further studies on the effect of field plot size, stratification and statistical methods on the prediction accuracy are recommended. 
A Preliminary Study of Barriers to Bank Financing of Ethnic Chinese Entrepreneurs in the UK. Ethnic minority entrepreneurship has been a growing research interest, however, little has been known about financial barriers to start up and run a business venture from the perspectives of UK ethnic Chinese entrepreneurs. The aim of this analysis is to explore the financial barriers of ethnic Chinese entrepreneurs in starting up and running a business in the UK. Through semi-structured interviews with 12 ethnic Chinese entrepreneurs who run businesses in the UK, this analysis has preliminarily found: 1) ethnic Chinese businesses in the UK have increasingly faced difficulties to get access to bank finance since the global financial crisis; 2) the difficulties are largely caused by a lack of communication and understanding between the entrepreneurs and financial institutions; 3) the traditional perceptions of Chinese businesses have disadvantaged ethnic Chinese entrepreneurs in the UK when they apply for bank credits. This analysis offers a number of implications. For policy-makers, an understanding of the characteristics of ethnic Chinese businesses and financing barriers to ethnic Chinese in business start-ups and running is important for the development of policy that encourages and supports ethnic Chinese businesses. For banks in the UK to expand their business, there is a need to develop tailored products and services specifically for ethnic Chinese entrepreneurs. 
Hematologic malignancy in tanker crewmembers: A case-referent study among male Swedish seafarers. Background: Work on Swedish petroleum tankers before the late 1980s has been associated with an increased risk of hematologic malignancy (HM). Since then, ship modernizations have decreased occupational exposure to gases, including the carcinogen benzene. We explored the risk of HMs in Swedish seafarers who had worked on newer types of tankers. 
The Economics of Gasification: A Market-Based Approach. This report deals with the economics of gasification facilities in general and IGCC power plants in particular. Regarding the prospects of these systems, passing the technological test is one thing, passing the economic test can be quite another. In this respect, traditional valuations assume constant input and/or output prices. Since this is hardly realistic, we allow for uncertainty in prices. We naturally look at the markets where many of the products involved are regularly traded. Futures markets on commodities are particularly useful for valuing uncertain future cash flows. Thus, revenues and variable costs can be assessed by means of sound financial concepts and actual market data. On the other hand, these complex systems provide a number of flexibility options (e. g. , to choose among several inputs, outputs, modes of operation, etc. ). Typically, flexibility contributes significantly to the overall value of real assets. Indeed, maximization of the asset value requires the optimal exercise of any flexibility option available. Yet the economic value of flexibility is elusive, the more so under (price) uncertainty. And the right choice of input fuels and/or output products is a main concern for the facility managers. As a particular application, we deal with the valuation of input flexibility. We follow the Real Options approach. In addition to economic variables, we also address technical and environmental issues such as energy efficiency, utility performance characteristics and emissions (note that carbon constraints are looming). Lastly, a brief introduction to some stochastic processes suitable for valuation purposes is provided. 
Specialists' training by integration of the high school and business structures. According to global trends, universities should now be responsible for training a new generation of researchers and highly qualified managers who are ready to implement innovative activities in the modern market economy. This article focuses on the problems of professionalization and training of a modern specialist through the integration of educational and business structures. The purpose of this analysis is to substantiate the importance of the interaction of universities with business structures as a factor contributing to the solution of these problems and improving the quality of higher education in general. The article provides examples of the interaction of the Higher School of Media Communications and Public Relations (SPbPU) with enterprises based on the implementation of project activities. We have analysed students 'essays regarding participation in this kind of project activity, reflecting positive and negative experiences and allowing us to assess the impact of project activity on students' professional skills. More than 71% of students noted the significant contribution of project activity to their creativity and professional skills, and thus confirmed the importance of the interaction of higher education with the business environment, primarily for the educational process. 
Willingness to Pay for Improved Household Solid Waste Collection in Blantyre, Malawi. Insufficient staff, inappropriate collection vehicles, limited operating budgets and growing, hard to reach populations mean that solid waste management remains limited in most developing countries; Malawi is no exception. We estimated the willingness to pay (WTP) for two hypothetical solid waste collection services. Additionally, we tested the impact of the WTP question positioning relative to environmental perceptions on respondents' WTP. The first scenario involved a five minute walk to a disposal facility; the second scenario involved a 30 min walk. Additionally, the order of the question was randomized within the questionnaire. A WTP value of K1780 was found for the five minute walk scenario when the question was placed first, and K2138 when placed after revealing the respondent's perceptions on the environment. In the 30 min walk scenario, WTP was K945 when placed first and K1139 when placed after revealing the respondent's perceptions on the environment. The estimated values indicate that there is both a willingness to pay for solid waste services and that there are at least two options that would be acceptable to the community; a pilot scale implementation would be required to validate the hypothetical values, especially given the dependency on problem framing. Community financing should be considered as a sustainable approach to solid waste management in underserved areas. 
Sustainability Editorial Reviewing Literature on Digitalization, Business Model Innovation, and Sustainable Industry: Past Achievements and Future Promises. Digitalization is revolutionizing the way business is conducted within industrial value chains through the use of Internet of Things (IoT) technologies, intensive data exchange and predictive analytics. However, technological application on its own is not enough; profiting from digitalization requires business model innovation such as making the transition to advanced service business models. Yet, many research gaps remain in analyzing how industrial companies can leverage digitalization to transform their business models to achieve sustainability benefits. Specifically, challenges related to value creation, value delivery, and value capture components of business model innovation need further understanding as well as how alignment of these components drive sustainable industry initiatives. Thus, this special issue editorial attempts to take stock of the emerging research field through a literature review and providing a synthesis of special issue contributions. In doing so, we contribute by developing a framework that communicates and sets the direction for future research by linking digitalization, business model innovation, and sustainability in industrial settings. 
Impact of Entrepreneurial Education Programs on Total Entrepreneurial Activity: The Case of Spain. There is a need to evaluate entrepreneurial education programs (EEPs) to see the impact they have on a country's development. Previous work has focused mostly on entrepreneurial intentions, mainly in a university context. Additionally, literature reviews on the impact of entrepreneurial education have not yet been conclusive, mainly due to the use of subjective indicators and a low consideration of objective indicators. The purpose of this article is to respond to some of these challenges. Specifically, this analysis used an objective indicator, Total Early-Stage Entrepreneurial Activity (TEA), in a non-university context. A database was created that included programs categorized by autonomous communities. The analysis showed that EEPs significantly influenced the entrepreneurial activity of autonomous communities. This implies that entrepreneurial education should be a prioritized objective in the educational policy of these communities. The recommendations derived from these results are, among others, to promote role models, continue supporting the financing of entrepreneurial initiatives through education and training, continue implementing government policies to support entrepreneurship, and carry out evaluations on the impact that these programs have on skills acquired in the short and medium terms, as well as their maintenance over time. 
Measuring Voting Power in Convex Policy Spaces. Classical power index analysis considers the individual's ability to influence the aggregated group decision by changing its own vote, where all decisions and votes are assumed to be binary. In many practical applications we have more options than either "yes" or "no". Here we generalize three important power indices to continuous convex policy spaces. This allows the analysis of a collection of economic problems like, e. g. , tax rates or spending that otherwise would not be covered in binary models. 
Antecedents to Customer Engagement: Moderating Role of Media Richness of Brand Pages. A key contributor to a brand's strength is how well its customers are engaged with the brand. With marketers spending huge amounts of money on social media presence of their brands, it becomes vital to assess how well this social media presence in the form of brand pages is able to generate customer engagement. This analysis explores the characteristics of online brand pages and examines how they impact customer engagement with the brands. We also examine the moderating role of brand pages' media richness in relationship with the characteristics of the brand page and customer engagement. The conceptual model proposed is evaluated using data from 479 survey responses towards 23 brand pages. This analysis contributes to the literature on customer engagement by proposing a decomposition of its dimensions and studying it in a system of conceptual relationships with its antecedents. 
Future Direction and Visual Analysis of Kano Model: A Literature Review. This report takes WoS database and CNKI database as samples, uses the Hist-Cite to analyze the research status of Kano model, then analyzes the citation networks of Kano model and compares the topics and key points of Kano model research. Finally, the paper proposes the future direction of Kano model based on the citation networks and research topics. attribute categories [1]. The Kano model transforms the specific attributes of products and services into the benefits of customers. Based on the detailed classification of quality factors, it seeks and understands the customer's attitude towards these interests to guide the company's relevant management decisions in quality management, product innovation and service design. 
Financial Ratios as Indicators of Economic Sustainability: A Quantitative Analysis for Swiss Dairy Farms. In agriculture, a rising number of sustainability assessments are available that also comprise financial ratios. In a literature review of farm management textbooks, taking account of the differences between European and North American practices and considering prevalent sustainability assessment approaches, we identified frequently used financial ratios. Five ratios relate to the indicator profitability and four to the indicator liquidity. Another eight financial indicators refer to the indicators financial efficiency, stability, solvency and repayment capacity. Based on more than 14,000 accountancies of dairy farms from the Swiss Farm Accountancy Data Network (FADN), we carried out a Spearman correlation analysis for normalised and harmonised financial ratios. The correlation analysis revealed mostly positive correlations. To assess the implementation of a quantitative economic sustainability assessment we compare an aggregated indicator compound of all 17 ratios with two selections of financial ratios-first, a compound European and, second, a compound North American economic sustainability indicator. The correlation between the complete and the reduced sets of indicators suggest that both aggregate economic indicators can be reasonably applied to estimate the economic sustainability for Swiss dairy farms. 
Left behind by birth month Left behind by birth month. Utilizing comprehensive administrative data from Norway I investigate long-term birth month effects. I demonstrate that the oldest children in class have a substantially higher GPA than their younger peers. The birth month differences are larger for low-SES children. Furthermore, I find that the youngest children in class are lagging significantly behind their older peers on the educational track, and need more time to reach the same level of earnings. 
Trade-Off Considerations in Designing Efficient VLSI Feasible Interconnection Networks. It is well known that the hypercube has a rich set of good properties, and consequently it has been recognized an ideal structure for parallel computation. Nevertheless, according to the current VLSI technology, the implementation feasibility of the hypercube remains questionable when the size of the hypercube becomes large. Recent research efforts have been concentrated on finding good alternatives to the hypercube. The star graph was shown having many desirable properties of the hypercube, and in several aspects, the star graph is better than the hypercube. However, we observe that the star graph as a network has several disadvantages, compared with the hypercube. In this report, we propose a class of new networks, the star-hypercube hybrid networks (or the SH networks). The SH network is a simple combination of both the star graph and the hypercube. This class of networks contains the star graph and the hypercube as subclasses. We show that the SH network is an efficient and versatile network for parallel computation, since it shares properties of both the hypercube and the star graph, and remedies several major disadvantages of the hypercube and the star graph. This class of networks provide more flexibility in choosing the size, degree, number of vertices, degree of fault tolerance, etc. in designing massively parallel computing structures feasible for VLSI implementations. over the hypercube is that its degree and diameter are sub-logarithmic as functions of the number of vertices. More specifically, the n-star graph S contains n! vertices, and its degree and diameter are n 1 and/3(n 1)/2], respectively. By contrast, the n-dimensional hypercube has degree and diameter which are logarithmic as functions of the number of vertices. The investigation on combinatorial, faulttolerant, communication and computational aspects of the star network is still in its early stage. However, the star graph as a network has several disadvantages, compared with the hypercube. For example, its variable incremental factor prohibits its implementation when n becomes large, and its sparser connectivity and less regularity result in less efficient parallel algorithms, and less efficiency in simulating many other useful network structures. 
Crystallization of Amorphous Silicon via Excimer Laser Annealing and Evaluation of Its Passivation Properties. The crystallization of hydrogenated amorphous silicon (a-Si:H) is essential for improving solar cell efficiency. In this analysis, we analyzed the crystallization of a-Si:H via excimer laser annealing (ELA) and compared this process with conventional thermal annealing. ELA prevents thermal damage to the substrate while maintaining the melting point temperature. Here, we used xenon monochloride (XeCl), krypton fluoride (KrF), and deep ultra-violet (UV) lasers with wavelengths of 308, 248, and 266 nm, respectively. Laser energy densities and shot counts were varied during ELA for a-Si:H films between 20 and 80 nm thick. All the samples were subjected to forming gas annealing to eliminate the dangling bonds in the film. The ELA samples were compared with samples subjected to thermal annealing performed at 850-950 * C for a-Si:H films of the same thickness. The crystallinity obtained via deep UV laser annealing was similar to that obtained using conventional thermal annealing. The optimal passivation property was achieved when crystallizing a 20 nm thick a-Si:H layer using the XeCl excimer laser at an energy density of 430 mJ/cm 2. Thus, deep UV laser annealing exhibits potential for the crystallization of a-Si:H films for TOPCon cell fabrication, as compared to conventional thermal annealing. 
The role of benefits in employee motivation and retention in the financial sector of the Czech Republic Iveta Nemeckova The role of benefits in employee motivation and retention in the financial sector of the Czech Republic. This article deals with the role of benefits in employee motivation and retention in the financial sector of the Czech Republic. This discussion defines the basic theoretical background from the classical to the contemporary theories pertinent to this issue. Based on empirical research, supplemented by the roundtable method, this article determines the significance of the benefits for employee motivation and retention as one of many factors. It explores changes in employee preferences between years 2011 and 2013. In addition, it refers to the identified differences with regard to the respondents' gender, education, age and job. Lastly, the article provides recommendations for business practice. 
Background. Ethiopia is one of the countries with high out-of-pocket payments leading to catastrophic health expenditure. e government of Ethiopia introduced social health insurance (SHI) scheme with the overall objective of achieving universal health care access. Studying health professionals' acceptance to pay for social health insurance is crucial for the successful implementation of the scheme. erefore, this analysis aimed to assess the acceptance of social health insurance and its associated factors among health professionals in government hospitals, Mekelle city, North Ethiopia. Methods. An institution-based cross-sectional study design was used. e study participants were selected using systematic random sampling. Data were collected using a structured interviewer-administered questionnaire and analyzed using SPSS version 20. Bivariable and multivariable logistic regression models at a 5% level of significance, and odds ratios with 95% CI level were used to determine the association between the health professionals' acceptance of health insurance and explanatory variables. Results. e study revealed that 62. 5% of the respondents were willing to participate in the SHI scheme in which 74. 9% were willing to pay 3% or more of their monthly salary. Health professionals' acceptance for SHI significantly associated with monthly salary (AOR = 9. 49; 95% CI: 2. 51, 35. 86), awareness about SHI (AOR = 3. 89; 95% CI: 1. 05, 14. 28), history of difficulty in covering medical bills (AOR = 6. 2; 95% CI: 2. 42, 15. 87), attitudes towards social health insurance (AOR = 7. 57; 95% CI: 3. 14, 18. 21), and perceived quality of health care services if SHI implemented (AOR = 2. 89; 95% CI: 1. 18, 7. 07). Conclusion. e study indicated that there were still a high proportion of health professionals who were not willing to pay for SHI. erefore, strengthening awareness creation, creating awareness about SHI, promoting the scheme using the different channels of communication to bring about favorable attitude, and providing health care services with required standard quality could help to increase the acceptance of SHI by health professionals. 
The Impact of Integrated Financial Management Information Systems on Procurement Process in Public Sector in Developing Countries-A Case of Zambia. Progressive governments around the world aim at having efficient Public Finance Management in order to efficiently manage resources and maximize opportunity costs associated with Public Procurement. The Government of Zambia has introduced Integrated Financial Management Information Systems (IFMIS) to monitor how ministries, departments and other state agencies spend funds on a real-time basis in order to improve budget implementation. The objectives of IFMIS are to attain transparency, reduce financial leakages and accountability in the way Government resources are being spent. Data were collected from seventy-five (75) respondents from the Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Works and Supply and the Anti-Corruption Commission. Data were analysed using Social Package and Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20 and Microsoft Excel. The study revealed that there is a significant negative relationship between IFMIS and transparency, reduced financial leakages and efficiency and speed. The study thus concluded that IFMIS has not enhanced transparency, reduced financial leakages, enhanced efficiency and speed. The study recommended that vendors and citizens should have access to the system to enhance transparency. Furthermore, the study recommended for code restructuring of the system to make it more proactive rather than reactive in order to improve budget adherence, reduce misappropriation and misapplication of funds. In conclusion, the study further recommended procurement processes be carried on the system only and eliminate the duplication of work on paper. 
Number 04 |. China is rapidly becoming one of the most significant trading partners of EU countries. This is as much the case for the 11 Central and Eastern European countries (CEE11) which entered the EU in 2004, 2007 and 2013 as for the older members. This report sets out to examine data obtained from the Eurostat database concerning trade between the CEE11 and China between 2004 and 2014 in an attempt to clarify two main questions. Firstly, are there any differences between individual CEE countries' trade with China during the last decade? Secondly, have the Visegrad (V4) countries (Poland, the Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia) obtained any advantages over each other or over the other CEE11 countries? The Eurostat data, while limited in some aspects, suggest that all the eleven nations, despite variations, are struggling with trade balance deficits and therefore need to cooperate rather than compete concerning trade with China. 
Establishing Boundary Conditions Considering Influence Factors of the Room Equipped with a Ceiling Radiant Cooling Panel. The objective of this analysis is to establish boundary conditions to evaluate the cooling capacity of the Cooling Radiant Ceiling Panel (CRCP) considering the environment of a room equipped with the CRCP. The current study investigated the boundary conditions and derivation techniques from previous studies. Based on the results of the analysis, a heat transfer model was derived for a room fitted with CRCP. In addition, the heat transfer model was used to derive the factors affecting the cooling capacity of the CRCP and each factor was simulated and verified through this model. The effects of these factors on the capacity of the CRCP was established by using various boundary conditions. To verify the validity of the simulation model, the experimental results were compared with the cooling capacity for a specific case. As a result, it was established that even for the same panel, there was a variance in the cooling capacity of the CRCP based on the boundary conditions and that the influence of the surface exposed to the outdoors had more implications. Consequently, this analysis presents the influence factors to be considered when designing CRCP. 
CAD (Computer Aided 1832. Be it the era of current Industry 3. 0 (3D printing) or the era of Industry 4. 0 (customised production) in the future, as far as globalisation is concerned, based on combinations of automation & information and intelligence, the application of Big Data, new Cloud Computing technologies, Internet of Things or new internet industry and AI will usher in a huge revolution to human beings, which will consequently rock foundations of modern economy, politics, social sciences, management and accounting, etc. and even bring about fundamentally changes and development, and hence an era for technology industry going novelty, i. e. customised production. Commercial re-group and the drastic society change will influence not only the overall ecological pattern around the world but also human beings' value system, knowledge system and life style. Many seeming probabilities today will become impossible while the impossible at the moment will go real in the future. Under such complicated, constantly changing and rapidly developing circumstance, only when the passive situation of tabulating and interpreting is completely changed, can national economy's smooth operation be directed by the objective law of coordinated development, and thus, to achieve the utmost economic efficiency. The scientific foundation of the real-time input-output tabulation method and AI is rightly designed on the basis of the above dreaming realisation. This thesis will take the real-time analysis of the optimal input-output planning model and a timely analysis of input-output statistical model as an example to illustrate how to realise the good wish. 
The Reputation Evaluation Based on Optimized Hidden Markov Model in E-Commerce. Nowadays, a large number of reputation systems have been deployed in practical applications or investigated in the literature to protect buyers from deception and malicious behaviors in online transactions. As an efficient Bayesian analysis tool, Hidden Markov Model (HMM) has been used into e-commerce to describe the dynamic behavior of sellers. Traditional solutions adopt Baum-Welch algorithm to train model parameters which is unstable due to its inability to find a globally optimal solution. Consequently, this report presents a reputation evaluation mechanism based on the optimized Hidden Markov Model, which is called PSOHMM. The algorithm takes full advantage of the search mechanism in Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm to strengthen the learning ability of HMM and PSO has been modified to guarantee interval and normalization constraints in HMM. Furthermore, a simplified reputation evaluation framework based on HMM is developed and applied to analyze the specific behaviors of sellers. 
Literature Review of Structured Entities. The "Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 41-Disclosure of Rights and Interests in Other Entities" promulgated in China in 2014 proposed the concept of "structured entities", and the 2014 revised "Enterprise Accounting Standards No. 33-Consolidated Financial Statements" made clear a single control-based consolidation model for all entities, and stated that "structured entities" controlled by the parent company should be included in the scope of consolidation of the company's financial statements. The introduction of the concept of "structured entities" and changes in related standards have placed new requirements on accounting theory researchers and practical staff. The article reviews related research on what is a "structured entities" and its similar special purpose entities and variable interest entities. 
Perception Based Determinants of Mobility Di-lemma in Ilorin Metropolis. Usually, planning proceeds from issue identification and evaluation, directed at addressing recognized problems. As straightforward as it sounds, this sometimes can be difficult to achieve in settings where outdated master plans, continuous piecemeal and poorly regulated development are the order of the day. Even worse is the near total lack of baseline data upon which rational decisions about issues, such as mobility can be premised. Resulting into a scenario where holistic evaluations of city mobility needs and requirements are sometimes entirely jeopardized, leaving city managers with very little information to work with. The consequence is a distress filled mobility environment, from which determinants of dilemma may be tacitly admitted, but are generally not properly determined. This work uses perception of travelers' to rank and classify effect of contextually relevant mobility influencing attributes of Ilorin metropolis, as bases for isolating determinants of mobility dilemma in the city. The approach is targeted at providing city managers with a simplistic alternative way of evaluating needs, based upon user identified preferences, such that determinants of mobility dilemma become implicit enough to be utilized for decision making and planning. The work involved a survey of randomly selected respondents' from officially designated spatial subunits of Ilorin metropolis. It became apparent that attributes of public modes, development characteristics, as well as other operational, economic and safety attributions of the city's mobility environment were influencing perception of mobility by respondents' negatively, mainly as an offshoot of inadequate planning and regulation enforcement in the city. It is suggested that, parsimonious techniques such as utilized in this work, be employed in bridging the gap between comprehensive plans, where wherewithal is lacking. 
Notes on Economic Growth with Scale Effects: Is Depopulation Compatible with Growth?. This research develops a simple theory to analyze the compatibility of depopulation and sustainable growth. By introducing the scale effect of aggregate rather than average human capital, it shows that the economy may enter a sustainable growth path with fertility recovery, keeping away from a non-Malthusian poverty trap. 
The Business Case for a Journey Planning and Ticketing App-Comparison between a Simulation Analysis and Real-World Data. Successful development of "Mobility-as-a-Service" (MaaS) schemes could be transformative to our transport systems and critical for achieving sustainable cities. There are high hopes for mobile phone applications that offer both journey planning and ticketing across all the available transport modes, but these are in their infancy, with little understanding of the correct approach to business models and governance. In this analysis, we develop a system dynamics diffusion model that represents the uptake of such an app, based on one developed and released in West Yorkshire, UK. We perform sensitivity and uncertainty tests on user uptake and app operating profitability, and analyse these in three key areas of marketing, competition, and costs. Comparison to early uptake data is included to demonstrate accuracy of model behaviour and would suggest market failure by month 12 without stronger marketing, even if additional tickets and functions are offered. In response to this, we offer further insights on the need for direct targeted marketing to ensure mass market adoption, the importance of understanding a realistic potential adopter pool, the awareness of competing apps, and the high uncertainty that exists in this market. 
The Operation Process and Genetic Mechanism of Chinese Campaign-Style Governance Model: The Case Study of APEC Blue. As a typical model of state governance, campaign-style governance has become an effective complement and correction mechanism for the Chinese government to make up for the deficiencies of conventional governance mechanism. It is used for special rectification for any major issues, for example, emergencies, social problems etc. In recent years, the application of campaign-style governance in environmental pollution control has aroused widespread concern in academia and society. On the basis of previous studies, this article will regard the policy-"APEC Blue" as the case study, exploring the operation process and genetic mechanism of campaign-style governance model. Specifically, this article will discuss the three stages of goal setting, mobilization implementation and policy evaluation. Moreover, the empirical study found that bureaucratic difficulties, path dependence, omnipotent government thinking, diversified demand and limited policy tools, cross-sectoral cooperation and internal assessment mechanism are the important reasons for the large-scale use of campaign-style governance in practice. Therefore, we should correctly treat the value of campaign-style governance and give full play to the positive social effects in state governance. 
Can Environmental Subsidies Promote the Green Investment of Enterprises?. This article mainly studies the impact of environmental subsidies on enterprises' green investment from a micro level, and the relationship between the two when the industry attributes and local government environmental preferences are different. Empirical analysis shows that environmental subsidies have a significant role in promoting green investments of enterprises; industry attributes and local government environmental preferences can significantly affect the role of environmental subsidies in promoting green investments of enterprises: compared with non-heavily polluting industries, the promotion of environmental protection subsidies on enterprises' green investment is more obvious in heavily polluting industries; compared with the regions with lower local government environmental preferences, the promotion effect of environmental subsidies on enterprises' green investment is more significant in the regions with higher local government environmental preferences. The research conclusions of this report not only enrich the research content of influencing factors of enterprises' green investment, but also provide theoretical basis and practical guidance for the government to improve the efficiency of the use of environmental subsidy funds and promote the greening process. 
On a New Index Aimed at Comparing Risks. This report fits into the research stream started by Aumann and Serrano (2008) with their index R AS , and introduces a new index of riskiness called I th. In particular, our intuition moves from the observation that the R AS index is defined over the set of gambles whose expected value of losses is lower than the one of gains. We then restrict the attention on investment opportunities in a proper relation with a benchmark value ( ] [?] 0,1 th and we build the index I th. The mathematical features of the new index are discussed in deepest detail, providing evidence that I th can be used by the investor in comparing risks: th plays the role of a threshold value such that once fixed in the range ( ] 0,1 , I th suggests to take into consideration a gamble (an investment, an asset) g only if the ratio between the expected value of its losses and the expected value of its gains is lower than such th. Moreover, I th nests R AS as special case when th = 1, and it satisfies both homogeneity and duality properties. In the light of these features, I th seems to satisfy the common need among practitioners for flexible index of riskiness. 
Research on Knowledge Resources Investment Decisions in Cooperated New Product Development. Existed researches on resources investment decisions in cooperated new product development always omit the enterprise's knowledge level, often ignore the impact of knowledge resources on the value of new products and cooperation. Based on the existing research on transactional behavior among supply chain enterprises, most of them consider the transaction of physical substances and less consider knowledge resources, this report takes the cooperated R & D among enterprises as an example to explore the optimal resource investment decisions of cooperative participants under the condition that both parties invest knowledge resources. By constructing the Stackelberg game model, we discussed the optimal cooperative decisions of manufacturers and suppliers, and the influences of different factors on cooperative decision-making. 
Is It Possible for Government and Society Co-Governance Come True?-Take the Town of Houjie, Dongguan City, as an Example Keywords. As a kind of promotion theory of strong democracy and deliberative democracy, participatory governance is characterized by emphasizing the flattening, empowerment, participation, government-social cooperation of government management organizations. This report is intended to be in Houjie Town, Dongguan City, Guangdong Province in 2016. The "Internet + National Chuangan" initiated in the year is a research case. The analysis of the successful reasons and the promotion of "Houjie Sample" from the perspective of participatory governance provide a possibility for all grassroots governments to realize social governance innovation. 
Trading Responses to Negative Signals. Mergers may be undertaken by giving shareholders of the target firm the right to exchange their stock for stock in the combined firm. Such stock mergers release the negative signal that the acquiring firm lacks cash. Informed traders seeking immediate gain may short sell acquirer stock or buy puts and sell calls. Liquidity traders, desiring long-term gain, may purchase stock or call options to benefit from lower stock prices, or sell stock or buy put options to maintain liquidity. This report constructs a theoretical model in which option volume forms the bounds of the final stock price for informed traders while random stock purchase or sale volume establishes the final stock price for liquidity traders. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Finance and Jobs: How Financial Markets and Prudential Regulation Shape Unemployment Dynamics. This article explores the impact of financial market regulation on jobs. It argues that understanding the impact of finance on labor markets is key to an understanding of the trade-off between economic stability and financial sector growth. The article combines information on labor market flows with indicators of financial market development and reforms to assess the implications of financial markets on employment dynamics directly, using information from the International Labour Organization (ILO) datatabse on unemployment flows. On the basis of a matching model of the labor market, it analyses the economic, institutional, and policy determinants of unemployment in-and out-flows. Against a set of basic controls, we present evidence regarding the relationship between financial sector development and reforms and their impact on unemployment dynamics. Using scenario analysis, the article demonstrates the importance of broad financial sector re-regulation to stabilize unemployment inflows and to promote faster employment growth. In particular, we find that encompassing financial sector regulation, had it been in place prior to the global financial crisis in 2008, would have helped a faster recovery in jobs. 
Formative Evaluation of the Nursing Program at a University in the South of Brazil: Technological Tool to the Approach of the Unified Health System. Background: The educational evaluation focused on the critical training, creative and reflective is wanted on the need for competent nursing professionals, acting effectively to the present challenges in the context in which the Health System performs in Brazil. Aims: Identify how the formative assessment process is expressed in the syllabus of Nursing Federal University of Santa Catarina and in what features it is configured as a tool of educational technology that promotes the approach with the Unified Health System. Method: Qualitative research, exploratory and descriptive in documentary base. Data were collected from May to December 2012 and analyzed descriptively, from the perspective of the proposed evaluation on the National Curriculum Guidelines/ Nursing. Results: There were 23 types of evaluation on 33 teaching plans. The category that emerged was: "Expression of competence evaluation on plans of teaching on nursing course", which presents the different types of evaluation related to three dimensions: knowledge, skills and attitudes. Conclusion: Perceives a movement of structural changes in some disciplines, making the evaluation exit of the traditional matrix to a constructive matrix, characterized as a technological tool that enhances professional development focused on the Health System. 
Empirical Analysis of a Management Function's Failures in Construction Project Delay. Project schedule delay has been recognized as a significant cause to the failure of a project. A large number of studies on this particular issue have been documented. Mainly, identifying and ranking significant factors that lead to the delay of a project. These studies have relied on generic professionals' viewpoints. Rare studies have been dedicated to the empirical analysis of the influencing factors from the perspective of management and their functions. Using the logistic regression model and 195 completed construction projects' data, this analysis reveals that construction planning, construction schedule controlling, construction schedule directing, and project finance organizing have significantly positive effects on project schedule. The findings of this analysis will provide a beneficial approach for construction management to deliver projects on time, improving construction project productivity. 
The Basic, the Solid, the Site-Specific and the Full or Total Index of Sustainable Economic Welfare (ISEW) for Turkey. The Index of Sustainable Economic Welfare (ISEW) has been calculated in various ways for various countries and for various time spans. Based on the degree of objectivity, the Basic, Solid, and Site-specific ISEW are separated, whose sum constitutes the Total or Full ISEW. The paper proposes some guidelines for countries and smaller forms of state organizations, to apply and re-state their sustainable GDP, thus rendering it a useful figure as reported vis-a-vis the long established GDP. To demonstrate this theoretical advancement, the Turkish economy is used for an application. Turkey is a dynamic emerging economy, given its rapid GDP increase over the past two decades and the population increase on the one hand. On the other hand, it is afflicted by social inequalities and environmental problems, which if they were to be abated, they would certainly deduct from the increased income achieved so far. 
Statistical Study of the Effects of the Composition on the Oxidation Resistance of Ni-Based Superalloys. The effects of alloying elements (Co, Cr, Mo, W, Al, Ti, and Ta) on the oxidation resistance of Ni-based superalloys are studied using the Response Surface Methodology (RSM). The statistical analysis showed that Al and Ta generally improve the oxidation resistance of the alloy, whereas Ti and Mo degrade the oxidation resistance. Co, Cr, and W did not alter oxidation rate significantly when examined by the mass gain averaged for all model alloys. However, it is remarkable that the degree of the effects of alloying elements varied with the concentration of other elements. Further, the effect of each element was sometimes found to be reversed for alloy groups specified by the concentration of another element. 
Audit firm, retain or rotation? (client and audit firm perspectives). The purpose of this analysis is providing a framework for understanding the role of audit firm rotation in client expected value. And to explain the principles of client choice by auditor via specified models. We formalize this idea through stakeholder theory. Results show that the owners' expected outcome is increase in the level of reporting quality, all else held equal. Also client selection is a decrease in function with regard to the factors affecting it. Like the number of sub-branches, probability of good selection, probability of good perceived in a branch point, stages ahead and taking account of investigative intuition. We propose that retain-rotation audit firm vs. good or bad selection client relationship developed based on bid and ask process. Drawing on our analytical framework, we provide directions for further opportunities for research of client and audit firm. 
Nonparametric Estimation of a Conditional Quantile Function in a Fixed Effects Panel Data Model. This report develops a nonparametric method to estimate a conditional quantile function for a panel data model with an additive individual fixed effects. The proposed method is easy to implement, it does not require numerical optimization and automatically ensures quantile monotonicity by construction. Monte Carlo simulations show that the proposed estimator performs well in finite samples. 
Supplementing Dairy Ewes Grazing Low Quality Pastures with Plant-Derived and Rumen-Protected Oils Containing Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid Pellets Increases Body Condition Score and Milk, Fat, and Protein Yields. x East Friesian crossbred dairy ewes grazing low quality pastures and supplemented with diverse plant-derived oil enriched pellets under on-farm management conditions. The origin and treatment of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) to get the rumen protected EPA + DHA treatment was based on a modification of the microencapsulation of oil droplets in a protein-aldehyde matrix procedure. The results demonstrated that supplementation with rumen (EPA + DHA) and oil-infused pellets improved milk, fat, and protein yields by approximately 30%, 13%, and 31% respectively, and crossbred ewes produced more milk than purebreds. These results are very useful for dairy sheep producers in improving ewe lactation performance, milk quality, and body condition score under low quality pasture grazing conditions. Abstract: The Australian dairy sheep industry is small and mostly based on a natural grass grazing system, which can limit productivity. The current study tested different plant oil-infused and rumen protected polyunsaturated fats and their interactions with sire breeds to improve lactation traits and body condition scores (BCS) of ewes grazing low quality pastures. It was hypothesised that supplementing lactating ewe's diets with plant-derived polyunsaturated oils would improve milk production and composition without compromising BCS. Sixty ewes (n = 10/treatment) in mid-lactation, balanced by sire breed, parity, milk yield, body condition score, and liveweight, were supplemented with: (1) control: wheat-based pellets without oil inclusion; wheat-based pellets including; (2) canola oil (CO); (3) rice bran oil (RBO); (4) flaxseed oil (FSO); (5); safflower oil (SFO); and (6) rumen protected marine oil containing eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (RPO). Except for the control group, all supplementary diets included the same level of 50 mL/kg DM of oil and all diets were isocaloric and isonitrogenous. Experimental animals were grazed in the same paddock with ad libitum access to pasture, hay, and water during the 10-week study. RPO was the most effective diet that enhanced milk, fat, and protein yields by approximately 30%, 13%, and 31%,. 
Female Leaders' Role Conflict and Its Balanced Solution. With the transformation of society and the improvement of occupational diversification, women's awareness and the ability of political participation are constantly strengthening. The proportion of female leading cadres in China is also growing year by year; however, as far as the development of female leading cadres is concerned, women are still far behind men in terms of quantity and behavioral influence. The long-term status inequality has inhibited women's instinct and desire to tap their own potential and the sense of social participation. The career development and life balance of female leaders under multiple role conflicts has become the confusion of most female leaders. Therefore, mastering the balance of female leadership role conflicts is of great significance for improving women's leadership and creating a happy life. 
Cross-species cortical alignment identifies different types of anatomical reorganization in the primate temporal lobe. Evolutionary adaptations of temporo-parietal cortex are considered to be a critical specialization of the human brain. Cortical adaptations, however, can affect different aspects of brain architecture, including local expansion of the cortical sheet or changes in connectivity between cortical areas. We distinguish different types of changes in brain architecture using a computational neuroanatomy approach. We investigate the extent to which between-species alignment, based on cortical myelin, can predict changes in connectivity patterns across macaque, chimpanzee, and human. We show that expansion and relocation of brain areas can predict terminations of several white matter tracts in temporo-parietal cortex, including the middle and superior longitudinal fasciculus, but not the arcuate fasciculus. This demonstrates that the arcuate fasciculus underwent additional evolutionary modifications affecting the temporal lobe connectivity pattern. This approach can flexibly be extended to include other features of cortical organization and other species, allowing direct tests of comparative hypotheses of brain organization. 
COVID-19 Lifecycle: Predictive Modelling of States in India. The study captures the COVID-19 lifecycle in different states of India using predictive analytics. Drawing upon the seminal susceptible-infected-removed (SIR) model of capturing the spread of viral diseases, this analysis models the spread of COVID-19 in the ten most infected states of India (as on 30 April 2020). Using publicly available state-wise time series data of COVID-19 patients during the period 1-30 April 2020, the study uses the forecasting technique of auto-regressive integrated moving averages (ARIMA) to predict the likely population susceptible to COVID-19 in each state. Thereafter, based on the SIR model, predictive modelling of state-wise COVID-19 data is carried out to determine: (a) the predictive accuracy; (b) the likely number of days it would take for the disease to reach the peak number of infections in a state; (c) the likely number of infections at the peak; and (d) the state-wise end date. The SIR model is implemented by running Python 3. 7. 4 on Jupyter Notebook and using the package Matplotlib 3. 2. 1 for visualization. The study offers rich insights for policymakers as well as common citizens. 
Comparison between OCl - -Injection and In Situ Electrochlorination in the Formation of Chlorate and Perchlorate in Seawater. To prevent biofouling from occurring in the cooling systems of coastal power plants, chlorine is often added to the cooling water. In this analysis, we have evaluated the fate of the total residual oxidants and the formation of inorganic chlorination byproducts including ClO 3 - and ClO 4 - during in situ electrochlorination with seawater. Then, the results were compared with those during direct OCl - -injection to seawater. The in situ electrochlorination method based on Ti/RuO 2 electrodes produced much less ClO 3 - , while a similar level of total residual oxidants could be achieved with a reaction time of 5 min. Moreover, no ClO 4 - was observed, while the direct OCl - -injection system could still result in the production of ClO 4 -. The less or no production of ClO 3 - or ClO 4 - by the electrochlorination of seawater was mainly attributed to two reasons. First, during the electrolysis, the less amount of OCl - is available for ClO 3 - formation. Secondly, the formation of ClO 3 - or ClO 4 - is affected by the electrode material. In other words, if the electrode material is carefully chosen, the production of harmful reaction byproducts can be prevented or minimized. In short, based on the results from our study, electrochlorination technology proves to be a marine environmentally friendly method for controlling biofouling in the pipes of the cooling system in a coastal power plant. 
Psychodynamic Methodology of Deep Perception of a Person's Mind. In the article "Psychodynamic methodology of deep perception of a person's mind" an issue is raised on methodology of forming competency in a future psychologist on the basis of adequate understanding of wholeness of the psychic; comparison of academic and psychodynamic approaches to the problem of academic training of a psychologist is done as well as analysis of the leading sects in psychology relevant to psychodynamic approach. There were introduced main positions of psychodynamic theory, which are accordant with orthodox psychoanalysis in the same way as the principles of psyche in its integrity. Content of the given article stresses the importance of taking into account interconnections between the spheres of the conscious and the unconscious in their integrity and functional asymmetry in deep psychocorrection of the future psychologists. 
Could Noise Spectra of Strange Attractors Better Explain Wealth and Income Inequalities? Evidence from the S&P-500 Index. Inequity in wealth and income distributions is ubiquitous and persistent in markets economies. Economists have long suspected that this might be due to the workings of a power law. But studies in financial economics have focused mainly on tail exponent while attempting to recover the Pareto and Zipf's laws. The estimation of tail exponents from log-log plots, as in stock market returns, produces biased estimators and has little impact on policy. This report argues that economic time series are output signals of a multifractal process driven by strange attractors. Consequently, estimating noise spectra thrown-up by strange attractors stands to produce a much richer set of information, including the lower and upper bounds of unequal income distribution. 
Co-Opted Biased Social Science: 64 Years of Telling Half Truths about the Kibbutz. Critics find that social sciences tend to comply with social domination by power elites, which is often low-moral, but the debate on public expectations of social scientists often misses this. The failed kibbutz research illuminates this problem: while supposedly abiding by such expectations, a dominant functionalist scientific coalition was co-opted by privileged old guard leaders and power elites for dozens of years to the public detriment. This coalition concealed leaders' and power elites' violations of kibbutz radical principles in inter-kibbutz organizations (hereafter I-KOs) by evading their study, and created a faked image of democracy and egalitarianism that enhanced academic success but helped conceal the pernicious conservative oligarchic hegemony of life-long I-KO leaders, harming efforts to overcome it. This eventually led to the demise of the kibbutz radical system, a failure that functionalists have failed to explain. The findings support critics of conformist social sciences while pointing to their Achilles heel, i. e. , fallible survey research methods that call for new measures that minimize fallibility and the likelihood of co-opting social scientists by power elites, as well as measures that will maximize chances of exposing such scientific failures. 
Oil a Blessing or Curse: A Comparative Assessment of Nigeria, Norway and the United Arab Emirates. Oil booms have brought unprecedented wealth and development to some countries while in others this has not been the case. The latter is attributed to the resource curse phenomenon which has been explained by the Dutch disease and more recently by poor quality institutions. This report is a three country comparative assessment of how countries have utilised their oil revenues and the extent to which key policy environments, such as institutional and political aspects, may have influenced different outcomes. Evidence shows that in Nigeria, oil has been more of a curse because institutions have not been strong enough to efficiently manage the vast oil revenue to have a positive impact on the economy and for the benefit of its people. In Norway, the management of oil resources reflects the view of decision makers that the resources belong to current and future generations, and therefore the development of the industry should benefit both generations. Appropriate institutions and policies such as the Petroleum Pension Fund, Sovereign Wealth Fund, a more diverse economy and a fiscal rule for controlling, and more targeted, expenditures were implemented. These, in addition, to a very stable democratic political environment and effective legal system meant that oil has become a blessing to Norway. The UAE has a similar but different approach to Norway, by using oil as a basis for sustained development. It has a Sovereign Wealth Fund, and focuses on distribution of the oil-wealth and investment in social and economic infrastructure leading to a more diverse economy. The nature of its political stability, although essential to avoiding the curse, is different from Norway's and there is potential for tension and conflict. For developing countries in general, good governance, accountability, high government effectiveness, appropriate regulations and anti-corruption policies will help link natural resources with high sustained economic growth and turn the resource from a curse to blessing. 
Reliability-Enhanced Camera Lens Module Classification Using Semi-Supervised Regression Method. Artificial intelligence has become the primary issue in the era of Industry 4. 0, accelerating the realization of a self-driven smart factory. It is transforming various manufacturing sectors including the assembly line for a camera lens module. The recent development of bezel-less smartphones necessitates a large-scale production of the camera lens module. However, assembling the necessary parts of a module needs much room to be improved since the procedure followed by its inspection is costly and time-consuming. Consequently, the collection of labeled data is often limited. In this analysis, a reliable means to predict the state of an unseen camera lens module using simple semi-supervised regression is proposed. Here, an experimental study to investigate the effect of different numbers of training samples is demonstrated. The increased amount of data using simple pseudo-labeling means is shown to improve the general performance of deep neural network for the prediction of Modulation Transfer Function (MTF) by as much as 18%, 15% and 25% in terms of RMSE, MAE and R squared. The cross-validation technique is used to ensure a generalized predictive performance. Furthermore, binary classification is conducted based on a threshold value for MTF to finally demonstrate the better prediction outcome in a real-world scenario. As a result, the overall accuracy, recall, specificity and f1-score are increased by 11. 3%, 9%, 1. 6% and 7. 6% showing that the classification of camera lens module has been improved through the suggested semi-supervised regression method. 
The Nigerian Contributory Pension Market: A Review of Compliance Status across the Federation. The paper reviews the compliance status of the Federal, State and private sector pension systems in Nigeria after the reform in 2004 that changed the funding strategy from pay-as-you-go to the contributory modality. It first spotlighted the grim factors of the old pension system that made reform inevitable. The paper in the main argues that compliance with the provisions of the law remains the only guarantee of workers' retirement future. It further points out the specific role labour leadership must play in this regard. The paper disclosed that the observed failure to implement the provisions of the law across the tiers, especially the federal and state government segments, arose in part due to a conspiracy of factors, including, recession, legislative loopholes, supervisory negligence, and absence of sustained engagement of labour leadership with employers across the tiers. The paper therefore concludes by recommending a more focused engagement strategy by labour leadership and a stricter penalty that makes default in making contributions less attractive. 
CSR Actions in Companies and Perception of Their Reputation by Managers: Analysis in the Rural Area of an Emerging Country in the Banking Sector. This report tests, from a managerial point of view, the influence of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) actions directed towards health and environmental matters over the perception of a company's reputation. The literature review suggests an absence of this kind of study focused on the banking sector of developing countries. CSR activities oriented to health and subsistence in the rural areas of emerging countries are proved to hold a positive influence on the perception of managers of the banking sector of corporate reputation. On the other hand, it has not been possible to validate whether CSR activities oriented to environmental issues (or infrastructure) in rural areas will positively influence the perception of Peruvian banking sector managers of corporate reputation. The outcomes mentioned seem plausible due to health and subsistence being undoubtedly the most valued factors among people living in rural areas, where there are the most development deficiencies. This work contributes by empirically analyzing a relationship barely addressed in the field of business administration: the influence of CSR and corporate reputation. Furthermore, the authors take the analysis to a context unexplored by previous researchers, applying the concepts to the banking sector of an emerging country. 
Investment momentum: A two-dimensional behavioural strategy. We propose an investment-momentum strategy of buying past winners with low investment and selling past losers with high investment, which simultaneously exploits two dimensions of market inefficiencies. The new strategy generates twice the monthly returns earned by either the price momentum or investment strategy (1. 44% vs. 0. 75% or 0. 61%). Despite the diminishing anomalies in recent decades, the investment-momentum stays persistent. The mispricing-based strategy performs better in periods of high investor sentiment or for stocks with high limits-to-arbitrage, which is consistent with our expectations. Overall, we show that one can simultaneously use multiple dimensions of market inefficiency to attain superior performance. 
The Boomerang Effects: An Analysis of the Pre and Post Dollarisation Era in Zimbabwe. Does dollarisation influence economic activity in Zimbabwe? The question has incited a lot of debates among researchers and analysts. In an attempt to answer this question, the study used an Auto Regressive Distributive Lag (ARDL) procedure, to investigate the effects of dollarisation on economic growth in Zimbabwe. The study employed quarterly data over a 14-year period between 2000 and 2014. The results of the study indicate that dollarisation, gross domestic investment and trade openness are positively related to economic growth. Based on the findings of the study, the paper recommends that Zimbabwean policy makers should establish additional complementary policies which foster economic integration with anchor countries to reduce credit risk. On the other hand, dollarisation should be maintained since it resulted in economic stability and improved financial sector credibility. It is therefore still premature to de-dollarise the economy until a sufficient level of credibility is gained by the central bank. 
How to Support Innovative Behaviour? The Role of LMX and Satisfaction with HR Practices. Innovative behaviour of employees refers to a key aspect of organizational effectiveness: the creation, introduction and application of new ideas within a group or organization in order to benefit performance. Using data from a Dutch and German survey in four technical organizations (n=272) we developed and tested two models to explain the relationships between Leader-Member-Exchange (LMX), satisfaction with HR practices (employee influence, flow, rewards and work content) and innovative behaviour. As expected both LMX and satisfaction with HR practices were positively related to innovative behaviour. Furthermore, we found evidence that satisfaction with HR practices mediates the relationship between LMX and innovative behaviour. No significant interaction effects between LMX and satisfaction with HR practices on innovative behaviour were found. 
Coopetition in the SoC Industry: The Case of Qualcomm Incorporated. This analysis uses the lens of competitive dynamics to examine the coopetition process, which combines both cooperation and competition, employed by Qualcomm within the SoC (System on a Chip) design market related to smart devices. Qualcomm succeeded in developing the first SoC, which integrated GPS (Global Positioning System) and other software, and during the process of developing mobile chips has simultaneously cooperated and competed with competitors. In particular, Samsung, which began as a customer of the firm, has since become its competitor. By conducting descriptive case analysis, this analysis shows a coopetition process in the SoC industry and supplemented a coopetition study with the actual exemplary coopetition case. 
CHANGES TO THE NATURAL GAS, CORN, AND FERTILIZER PRICE RELATIONSHIPS FROM THE BIOFUELS ERA. The biofuels era brought about changes to the energy and agricultural sectors. For example, the decrease in natural gas prices has led to a weakening of the relationship between fertilizer and gas prices. The other change has been an increase in the demand for fertilizers, which has strengthened the price relationship between these two products. Econometric evidence from this work indicates that after 2008 the relationship between fertilizers and corn prices increased. In addition, results from our work indicate the presence of market power in the ammonia fertilizer sector. 
A Transparency Sheet-Based Colorimetric Device for Simple Determination of Calcium Ions Using Induced Aggregation of Modified Gold Nanoparticles. A simple and novel transparency sheet-based colorimetric detection device using gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) modified by 4-Amino-6-hydroxy-2-mercaptopyrimidine monohydrate (AHMP) was fabricated and developed for the determination of calcium ions (Ca 2+ ). The detection was based on a colorimetric reaction as a result of the aggregation of modified AuNPs induced by Ca 2+ due to the ability to form strong electrostatic interactions between positively charged Ca 2+ and negatively charged modified AuNPs. Probe solution changes color from red to blue in the presence of Ca 2+ and can be observed by the naked eyes. To verify the complete self-assembly of the AHMP onto the AuNP surface, the modified AuNPs were characterized using ultraviolet-visible spectroscopy and zeta potential measurements. Under optimal conditions, a quantitative linearity was 10 to 100 ppm (R 2 = 0. 9877) with a detection limit of 3. 05 ppm. The results obtained by the developed method were in good agreement with standard atomic absorption spectrometry (AAS) results and demonstrated that this method could reliably measure Ca 2+. Overall, this novel alternative approach presents a low-cost, simple, sensitive, rapid, and promising device for the detection of Ca 2+. 
A Hybrid Decision-Making Approach for the Service and Financial-Based Measurement of Universal Health Coverage for the E7 Economies. The aim of this analysis is to measure universal health coverage in Emerging 7 (E7) economies. Within this framework, five different dimensions and 14 different criteria are selected by considering the explanations of World Health Organization and United Nations regarding universal health coverage. While weighting the dimensions and criteria, the Decision-making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (DEMATEL) is considered with the triangular fuzzy numbers. Additionally, Multi-Objective Optimization on the basis of Ratio Analysis (MOORA) approach is used to rank E7 economies regarding Universal Health Coverage (UHC) performance. The novelty of this analysis is that both service and financial based factors are taken into consideration at the same time. Additionally, fuzzy DEMATEL and MOORA methodologies are firstly used in this analysis with respect to the evaluation of universal health coverage. The findings show that catastrophic out of pocket health spending, pushed below an international poverty line and annual growth rate of real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita are the most significant criteria for universal health coverage performance. Moreover, it is also concluded that Russia is the country that has the highest universal health coverage performance whereas China, India and Brazil are in the last ranks. It can be understood that macroeconomic conditions play a very significant role on the performance of universal health coverage. Hence, economic conditions should be improved in these countries to have better universal health coverage performance. Furthermore, it is necessary to establish programs that provide exemptions or lower out-of-pocket expenditures which will not prevent the use of health services. This situation can protect people against the financial risks related to health expenditures. In addition to them, it is also obvious that high population has also negative influence on the countries such as, China and India. It indicates that it would be appropriate for these countries to make population planning for this purpose. 
Research on Fiscal Decentralization, Local Government's Behavior Preference and Technology Investment Efficiency-Based on Chinese Practice. The starting point of the fiscal decentralization theory is the efficiency of public goods supply. As one of the major public investment projects of the government, science and technology investment has a great impact on the development of the country and the people's life. Therefore, based on the practice of Chinese fiscal decentralization, this report tries to reveal the effect of fiscal decentralization and local government's behavior preference on science and technology investment efficiency by normative analysis. Through research, it has been found that technology investment requires a huge amount of money and time to produce results. So it is not easy to achieve results in the short term. Under Chinese-style fiscal decentralization, the lack of institutional constraints and reasonable officials' assessment indicators has led to the alienation of local government's behavior preference and the loss of the efficiency of science and technology investment. 
Why Collaborate on Local Government Procurement? The Experience of UK Councils *. Within the UK public sector considerable encouragement has been given to working collaboratively on procurement. Although purchasing consortia have been a feature of the UK local government landscape and a shared services model has begun to emerge, little empirical research has been reported on whether other procurement collaborations take place, why organisations collaborate on procurement projects, what are the perceived risks and what type of procurement projects are considered suitable for collaboration. This report reports on explorative research, to establish the answer to those questions. Suggestions are made for those considering procurement collaborative projects and further research. 
On the Insignificant Cross-Sectional Risk-Return Relationship. In their paper, "On the Cross-sectional Relation between Expected Returns and Betas", Roll and Ross (1994) demonstrated that the expected returns and betas can have zero relationship even when the underlying market portfolio proxies are nearby the efficient frontier. In this note, we provide the mathematical details that lead to their conclusion and further show that their claim needs not hold for the entire set of MV portfolios. 
Improving the Forecast Accuracy of Oil-Exchange Rate Nexus in GCC Countries. This report renders new evidence on the predictability of GCC dollar exchange rates using crude oil prices relying on the approach of Westerlund [1]. 
A Study of Coupling Relationship between Fi-nancial Supervision and Innovation: Based on the Data of China's Commercial Bank Listed in the Form of A Shares. results showing that financial supervision and innovation of domestic listed commercial banks are at the stage of moderate coupling, upon which relevant suggestions are concluded. 
An Indicator-Based Calculation Tool for Rural Areas to Make Aware of Long-Term Mobility and Residential Costs. Due to high costs of building land, larger available areas in the countryside, and other personal reasons people often decide to live in or move to suburban or peripheral areas [1]. The decision of people concerning their residential locations by only taking into account a cheap building land may at first seem reasonable. However, after some time the costs for living in suburbs or in the countryside rise up, and the use of car increases due to a restricted public transport. Travel times to working places and/or cultural and leisure facilities increase when people move farther away [2]. Children may need to be taken to the kindergartens or to school by car because of restricted public transport offers [3]. The rising gas prices cause significantly higher travel costs. These are just a few facts, why a broad range of aspects should be taken into account when making residential location decisions. The following article wants to tackle this topic of long-term cost awareness due to residential location decisions and present a settlement cost calculator developed for a rural area in the Austrian pilot region of Salzburg. 
Is Self-Regulation Sufficient? Case of the German Transparency Code. The German pharmaceutical industry is stepping ahead with its implementation of a new transparency disclosure code for cooperation between pharmaceutical companies and health care professionals (HCPs) and health care organisations (HCOs). In Germany, this transparency code ("Transparenzkodex") is applicable since January 2015, and data will be publicly available around mid-2016. No empirical work has been done that addresses the impact of the transparency code on cooperation between HCPs, HCOs and the pharmaceutical companies, including the possibilities of competitive analysis of the available data. In this report, we interviewed experts from 11 pharmaceutical companies representing small, medium-sized as well as multinational corporations which represent 80% of the German pharmaceutical market. Besides interviews, the authors designed a game to evaluate possible financial investments in key opinion leaders. The market can be regarded as a zero sum game. By allowing public identification of such key HCPs and HCOs, the amount spent on them might increase and not decrease. In a way, the transparency code may foster more and not less spending; in our simulation game, the financial investment in marketing key HCPs and HCOs exceeded sustainable limits. 
THE EFFECT OF CAPITAL EXPENDITURE, COMPANY GROWTH AND COMPANY SIZE ON FIRM VALUE THROUGH FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE MODERATED BY CAPITAL STRUCTURE. How to cite this report: Salimah, & Herliansyah, Y. (2019). The effect of capital expenditure, company growth and company size on firm value through financial performance moderated by capital structure [Special issue]. 
The Research for Exploring Product Design Characteristics by SEM via Correlated Innovation and Design Strategy. Managers at NPD departments of Taiwan consumer electronic industry were interviewed to explore the effects innovation strategy (IS) has on design strategy (DS) and finally on product design characteristics (DC). The fitness of theoretical models and the observed data was examined. A questionnaire survey was conducted. 1300 enterprises in Taiwan consumer electronic industry were randomly selected as the survey pool. At last, 370 effective questionnaires were collected. Their responses on the questionnaires were analyzed to test the fitness of the model with structural equation modeling analysis (SEM). A proper fitness was found for the correlation theoretical model of IS, DS, DC, and the observed data. In enterprises, IS will influence product DC, and at the same time, IS will influence product DC through DS. Among these three variables, DS serves as an independent variable and intervene variable to DC. 
Loss Assessment for Sustainable Industrial Infrastructure: Focusing on Bridge Construction and Financial Losses. Bridges are important infrastructures for urban growth and the economic development of a country, because bridges allow a large volume of logistics and transportation by connecting rivers, canyons, islands and lands. As such, massive resources including financial, material and human resources are invested for bridge construction and management. However, although the latest bridge construction is undergoing rapid development of new technologies and designs, the management and prevention of risks still tend to rely on qualitative practices, which, as a result, calls for more quantified and systematic measurement and, thus, more sustainable management of potential risks. As part of efforts in managing risks to achieve quantitative risk management, this analysis aimed to predict losses of financial resources by identifying statistically significant risk factors based on the past record of insurance claim payouts (compensation for a loss that occurred as a result of a material damage in bridge construction projects) from a major insurance company in Korea, and conducted a multiple regression analysis to identify the loss indicators and to develop a loss estimation model. The statistical analysis confirmed that superstructure types, superstructure construction methods, and construction duration are the three significant risk factors that affects financial losses of bridge construction projects among the seven variables adopted as independent variables, which included the superstructure type, maximum span length, superstructure construction method, foundation type, floods, typhoons, and construction duration. Such findings, and the consequentially developed risk prediction model of this analysis, will contribute to sustainable construction management through cost reduction by predicting and preventing the future financial loss factors of bridge construction. 
200 Journal of Financial Risk Management Revisiting External Pecking Order Hypothesis: Evidence from Sri Lankan Companies Capital Structure. This research is based on pecking order theory, which is one of the major capital structure determinant theory, driven by the information asymmetry. The purpose of this research is to investigate whether the pecking order theory provides an accurate description of companies financing choices in the context. Further, to examine whether informational asymmetry plays an important role in determining the financing hierarchy, and whether the financial deficit variable plays a key role determining the capital structure, the analysis has been conducted by utilizing a unique dataset from the Sri Lankan listed companies within multiple industrial sectors from 2011 to 2017. Empirical analysis has been done based on Panel data analysis model with regression tools suggested. The findings suggest that company's follow original pecking order hypothesis where companies' preference towards debt is higher than equity in determining their capital structure. Moreover, financing choices are contingent on informational asymmetry. Moreover, the financial deficit variable has a significant impact compared to four more conventional capital structure determinants. Journal of Financial Risk Management one of the mainstream approaches among the most influential theories of capital structure. The questions of how companies finance their operations and how they mix their sources of financing have loomed large since Miller (1958, 1963) published the celebrity paper on capital structure irrelevancy. 
Research and Analysis on Agricultural Logistics of Sulfites -Taking an Example of Mushroom. Agricultural products are indispensable in people daily diet, and the quality and safety of agricultural products directly affect the health of consumers, so the concern about the logistics of agricultural products in circulation in the process of quality problems in today's society is the development of the necessary preparations. Agricultural products in the circulation process often will be added food additives, and taking mushrooms business for example, in order to maintain the excellent quality of the logistics and transport process, regular addition of sulfur dioxide additive acts as preservation, however, when additive exceeds the state standards, sulfur dioxide food will inevitably bring damage to people's health. Therefore, in the field of logistics, agricultural products after adding sulfur dioxide are explored the effects of it in the national standard and the limitation of food additives, and it is the key to protect consumers. 
Accreditation in regulated markets. We study firms that supply a vertically and horizontally differentiated service in a market with regulated prices. The incentives for seeking accreditation are more significant for sellers of below-average quality services relative to sellers of aboveaverage quality services. For homogenous firms, profits are lower in equilibria where both firms seek accreditation relatively to equilibria where neither does. Private and social accreditation incentives typically differ. The welfare optimal reimbursement rate is independent of a firm's actual accreditation decision but dependent on the accreditation decision of the rival. Hence, policies that give extra financial support to firms that accredit are likely to promote inefficiency. 
One Health, One World-The Intersecting Legal Regimes of Trade, Climate Change, Food Security, Humanitarian Crises, and Migration +. Today's global health challenges require a multi-sectoral approach in which. 
Pharmaceutics Characteristics of Skin Deposition of Itraconazole Solubilized in Cream Formulation. Itraconazole (ITZ) is an anti-fungal agent generally used to treat cutaneous mycoses. For efficient delivery of ITZ to the skin tissues, an oil-in-water (O/W) cream formulation was developed. The O/W cream base was designed based on the solubility measurement of ITZ in various excipients. A physical mixture of the O/W cream base and ITZ was also prepared as a control formulation to evaluate the effects of the solubilized state of ITZ in cream base on the in vitro skin deposition behavior of ITZ. Polarized light microscopy and differential scanning calorimetry demonstrated that ITZ was fully solubilized in the O/W cream formulation. The O/W cream formulation exhibited considerably enhanced deposition of ITZ in the stratum corneum, epidermis, and dermis compared with that of the physical mixture, largely owing to its high solubilization capacity for ITZ. Therefore, the O/W cream formulation of ITZ developed in this analysis is promising for the treatment of cutaneous mycoses caused by fungi such as dermatophytes and yeasts. 
An Analysis of Surveys on Domestic Violence by Japan's Cabinet Office. Japan's Cabinet Office conducted surveys on DV seven times (). As a secondary source, we used the data on the Cabinet Offices website. In 2001, the first DV law, the Act on the Prevention of Spousal Violence was passed, after which the Japanese public began to recognize DV. Based on the question item on "domestic violence from a spouse" the data of the Cabinet Office's survey from 2005 to 2017 indicated that on average, just over 30% of women experienced DV, while just under 20% of men did. These figures have not changed much. The proportions of victims who use advisory services have increased with every survey due to political movements and Japanese policy. In 2017, the data showed that a little less than 58% of women and almost 27% of men used advisory services. The most recent survey conducted in 2017, showed that people who do not separate from their spouse experience DV. In terms of the reasons that they do not separate, "children" weighed high on the list. 
A Dialectical Approach to Positive Organizational Studies *. Over the last decade, an academic movement emerged towards the study of positive phenomena in management and organization studies. Since then, two different scientific research streams have emerged in line with this positive approach to management: 1) positive organizational scholarship (POS), which proposes a trait approach view of positive virtues and strengths and sees the environment as a moderator variable which facilitates or not the exhibition of corresponding positive behaviours; and positive organizational behaviour (POB), which defends a state-like perspective of positive characteristics, thus putting a strong emphasis on situational factors as determinants of positive behaviour, leaving a marginal role to positive psychological traits. As a critical comparison between these two different research streams is yet to be done, in this report I propose a dialectical approach to study positivity in organizations and contrast these two different ontological approaches to positivity in organizations. I presented arguments to demonstrate that each of these approaches alone constitute quite a limited proposal in that each of them seems to misleadingly assume that: traits cannot be changed; they show incongruence between assumptions and purpose and; they constitute biased viewpoints. A dialectical approach makes possible to overcome these shortcomings by assuming both personality characteristics and environmental features relate each other in an intertwined complex way to produce positive behaviour in organizations. I finally present some practical implications that a dialectical approach would have to organizations and managers. 
Risk and Financial Management Dependency Relations among International Stock Market Indices. We develop networks of international stock market indices using information and correlation based measures. We use 83 stock market indices of a diversity of countries, as well as their single day lagged values, to probe the correlation and the flow of information from one stock index to another taking into account different operating hours. Additionally, we apply the formalism of partial correlations to build the dependency network of the data, and calculate the partial Transfer Entropy to quantify the indirect influence that indices have on one another. We find that Transfer Entropy is an effective way to quantify the flow of information between indices, and that a high degree of information flow between indices lagged by one day coincides to same day correlation between them. 
Materials Mechanical Properties and Sulfate Resistance of High Volume Fly Ash Cement Mortars with Air-Cooled Slag as Fine Aggregate and Polypropylene Fibers. The depletion of natural sand and production of the huge amount of cement in the construction industry are serious threats to the environment, which can be reduced by the utilization of by-products as cement replacement material. In this analysis, cement was replaced with fly ash up to 45% (by weight). In addition, the natural fine aggregate was replaced with air-cooled blast furnace slag aggregate (here referred to as "slag aggregate") at a level of 50% and 100% (by weight). Polypropylene fiber was also added, at a dosage of 0. 25% of binder weight. Mortar specimens were prepared and analyzed using tests for compressive, flexure, and splitting tensile strength, as well as for microhardness, and ultrasonic pulse velocity. In addition, the specimens were exposed to sulfate solution and investigated for changes in length, mass, and compressive strength. Electron microscopy and X-ray diffraction analysis were performed to examine the microstructure and phase changes of mortar specimens exposed to sulfate solution. The results indicate that mortar specimens made with 50% slag aggregate and 0. 25 % fiber showed enhanced mechanical properties. The performance of slag aggregate mortars under sulfate attack was improved significantly. 
Application of Markowitz Model to Mongolian Government Budget. We apply Markowitz portfolio theory to Mongolian economy in order to define optimal budget structure. We assume that the government revenue is a portfolio consisting of seven major taxes and non-tax revenues. We minimize the variance of the portfolio under fixed return of the government revenue. This optimization problem has been solved by the conditional gradient method on MATLAB. Computational results based on Mongolian economic data are provided. 
EDE Economics of climate change: introducing the Basic Climate Economic (BCE) model. Environmental economics models are often too complex to be communicated in an illustrative manner. For this reason, this report develops the Basic Climate Economic (BCE) model that features core elements of macroeconomic and climate economic modelling, while allowing for an illustrative examination of the development path. The BCE model incorporates fossil stock depletion, pollution stock accumulation, endogenous growth, and climate-induced capital depreciation. We first use graphical analysis to show the effects of climate change and climate policy on economic development. Intuition for the different model mechanisms, the functional forms, and the effects of different climate policies is provided. We then show the model equations in mathematical terms to derive closed-form solutions and to run model simulations relating to the graphical part. Finally, we compare our setup to other models of climate economics. 
A Collusion-Resistant Distributed Agent-Based Signature Delegation (CDASD) Protocol for E-Commerce Applications. Mobile agent technology is promising for e-commerce and distributed computing applications due to its properties of mobility and autonomy. One of the most security-sensitive tasks a mobile agent is expected to perform is signing digital signatures on a remote untrustworthy service host that is beyond the control of the agent host. This service host may treat the mobile agents unfairly, i. e. according to its' own benefit rather than to their time of arrival. In this research, we present a novel protocol, called Collusion-Resistant Distributed Agent-based Signature Delegation (CDASD) protocol, to allow an agent host to delegate its signing power to an anonymous mobile agent in such a way that the mobile agent does not reveal any information about its host's identity and, at the same time, can be authenticated by the service host, hence, ensuring fairness of service provision. The protocol introduces a verification server to verify the signature generated by the mobile agent in such a way that even if colluding with the service host, both parties will not get more information than what they already have. The protocol incorporates three methods: Agent Signature Key Generation method, Agent Signature Generation method, Agent Signature Verification method. The most notable feature of the protocol is that, in addition to allowing secure and anonymous signature delegation, it enables tracking of malicious mobile agents when a service host is attacked. The security properties of the proposed protocol are analyzed, and the protocol is compared with the most related work. 
Noninterest Income and Performance of Commercial Banking in China. Noninterest income is what most Chinese banks are striving for in recent years because of the vigorous competition among commercial banks due to the increasingly open market and tough regulation from the central bank of China. But the problem is the real effect of noninterest income on profit and risks. A panel threshold model is used with balanced panel dataset of 16 listed Chinese commercial banks, for the period of 2007 to 2013, to investigate the relationship between noninterest income and performance. The findings show two main conclusions: (1) the existence of two thresholds shows that there is nonlinear relationship; (2) there is a general negative correlation between the noninterest income ratio and performance of commercial banks. Furthermore, when the noninterest income ratio is higher than the two thresholds, the negative correlation decreases. Implications of the paper are that the ratio should be controlled in a range or noninterest income will not positively affect the performance, and a high level of performance can be gained only by raising the ratio to a certain level. 
SUBJECT AREAS Pulmonology Oncology. Background: COPD is a well-known risk factor for lung cancer, independent of smoking behavior. By investigating the retrospective National Health Insurance Service-National Sample Cohort (NHIS-NSC) in Korea, this analysis attempted to prove the hypothesis that COPD is a risk factor for major cancers developing outside of the lungs. We also aimed to investigate the environmental factors associated with the development of lung cancer in COPD patients. 
Service Level Factors Associated with Cervical Screening in Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Primary Health Care Centres in Australia. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women have significantly higher cervical cancer incidence and mortality than other Australian women. In this analysis, we assessed the documented delivery of cervical screening for women attending Indigenous Primary Health Care (PHC) centres across Australia and identified service-level factors associated with between-centre variation in screening coverage. We analysed 3801 clinical audit records for PHC clients aged 20-64 years from 135 Indigenous PHC centres participating in the Audit for Best Practice in Chronic Disease (ABCD) continuous quality improvement (CQI) program across five Australian states/territories during 2005 to 2014. Multilevel logistic regression models were used to identify service-level factors associated with screening, while accounting for differences in client-level factors. There was substantial variation in the proportion of clients who had a documented cervical screen in the previous two years across the participating PHC centres (median 50%, interquartile range (IQR): 29-67%), persisting over years and audit cycle. Centre-level factors explained 40% of the variation; client-level factors did not reduce the between-centre variation. Screening coverage was associated with longer time enrolled in the CQI program and very remote location. Indigenous PHC centres play an important role in providing cervical screening to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women. Thus, their leadership is essential to ensure that Australia's public health commitment to the elimination of cervical cancer includes Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women. A sustained commitment to CQI may improve PHC centres delivery of cervical screening; however, factors that may impact on service delivery, such as organisational, geographical and environmental factors, warrant further investigation. 
Unifying Speed-Accuracy Trade-Off and Cost-Benefit Trade-Off in Human Reaching Movements. Two basic trade-offs interact while our brain decides how to move our body. First, with the cost-benefit trade-off, the brain trades between the importance of moving faster toward a target that is more rewarding and the increased muscular cost resulting from a faster movement. Second, with the speed-accuracy trade-off, the brain trades between how accurate the movement needs to be and the time it takes to achieve such accuracy. So far, these two trade-offs have been well studied in isolation, despite their obvious interdependence. To overcome this limitation, we propose a new model that is able to simultaneously account for both trade-offs. The model assumes that the central nervous system maximizes the expected utility resulting from the potential reward and the cost over the repetition of many movements, taking into account the probability to miss the target. The resulting model is able to account for both the speed-accuracy and the cost-benefit trade-offs. To validate the proposed hypothesis, we confront the properties of the computational model to data from an experimental study where subjects have to reach for targets by performing arm movements in a horizontal plane. The results qualitatively show that the proposed model successfully accounts for both cost-benefit and speed-accuracy trade-offs. 
Sequential Coherence: A Novel Determinant of Open Innovation Performance. Despite its popularity as a strategy to accelerate innovations there is evidence that open innovation does not always increase innovation performance. Extant literature provides inconsistent and inconclusive arguments in respect of the relationship between open innovation practices and innovation performance. Existing theories mostly have an internal focus and fall short of explaining why some firms succeed in open innovation initiatives and why others fail. Open innovation is about knowledge flows. We argue that boundary conditions matter in innovation performance and sequential coherence can explain why some succeed while others fail in open innovation. A qualitative inquiry we made reveals that sequential coherence that facilitates the knowledge transfer at boundary level influences innovation performance in open innovation initiatives. Sequential coherence is measured through the push and the pull effects by willingness and ability of the participants of teacher firm and the preparedness and ability of the participants from the student firm respectively. We trust that our findings bridge a gap in open innovation literature. These initial findings could be generalized through a quantitative study with larger samples. Managerial implications of the finding is that ability to scan the entire chain of knowledge flow across boundaries and taking corrective measures for any bottlenecks or hindrances observed can bring better results from open innovation initiatives. Further, sequential coherence leads to multiple research opportunities in furthering our knowledge in open innovation. 
Trans-Tasman Cumulative Effects Management: A Comparative Study. Managing the cumulative effects (CE) that arise from human and natural stressors is one of the most urgent and complex problems facing coastal and marine decision makers today. In the absence of effective processes, models, and political will, decisionmakers struggle to implement management strategies that effectively tackle cumulative effects. Emerging efforts to address cumulative effects provide a timely opportunity to assess the efficacy of a range of management strategies operating at different scales and in different legislative and cultural contexts. Using primarily qualitative methodologies including literature reviews, focus groups, and workshops, this report compares cumulative effects approaches within the Reef 2050 Plan for the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park (GBRMP), Australia, with those in Aotearoa New Zealand (Aotearoa NZ). Both case studies illustrate that cumulative effects management is especially complicated by: fragmented legislative regimes and institutions that cannot account for cross-scale or cross-sector interactions; chronic data scarcity and high levels of uncertainty that make system-based assessments and predictions challenging; and often conflicting societal and economic expectations, values, and rights that are poorly integrated into management decision-making. By considering how these two cases align with transformational change characteristics, we draw several conclusions and establish priority actions regarding (1) how to mobilise resources and political will to address CE, (2) how to deal with data scarcity and uncertainty, and (3) how to promote comprehensive and inclusive CE management of coastal and marine areas. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Temporal Aggregation and Long Memory for Asset Price Volatility. The effects of temporal aggregation and choice of sampling frequency are of great interest in modeling the dynamics of asset price volatility. We show how the squared low-frequency returns can be expressed in terms of the temporal aggregation of a high-frequency series. Based on the theory of temporal aggregation, we provide the link between the spectral density function of the squared low-frequency returns and that of the squared high-frequency returns. Furthermore, we analyze the properties of the spectral density function of realized volatility series, constructed from squared returns with different frequencies under temporal aggregation. Our theoretical results allow us to explain some findings reported recently and uncover new features of volatility in financial market indices. The theoretical findings are illustrated via the analysis of both low-frequency daily Standard and Poor's 500 (S&P 500) returns from 1928 to 2011 and high-frequency 1-min S&P 500 returns from 1986 to 2007. the level shift model using an extension of the Kalman filter and apply it to the log absolute returns for the S&P 500, AMEX, DJIA and NASDAQ stock market return indices. Their point estimates imply few level shifts for all series but once these are taken into account there is no evidence of long-memory in the sense that little serial correlation is found in the remaining noise. 
Cool Roof Impact on Building Energy Need: The Role of Thermal Insulation with Varying Climate Conditions. Cool roof effectiveness in improving building thermal-energy performance is affected by different variables. In particular, roof insulation level and climate conditions are key parameters influencing cool roofs benefits and whole building energy performance. This work aims at assessing the role of cool roof in the optimum roof configuration, i. e. , combination of solar reflectance capability and thermal insulation level, in terms of building energy performance in different climate conditions worldwide. To this aim, coupled dynamic thermal-energy simulation and optimization analysis is carried out. In detail, multi-dimensional optimization of combined building roof thermal insulation and solar reflectance is developed to minimize building annual energy consumption for heating-cooling. Results highlight how a high reflectance roof minimizes annual energy need for a small standard office building in the majority of considered climates. Moreover, building energy performance is more sensitive to roof solar reflectance than thermal insulation level, except for the coldest conditions. Therefore, for the selected building, the optimum roof typology presents high solar reflectance capability (0. 8) and no/low insulation level (0. 00-0. 03 m), except for extremely hot or cold climate zones. Accordingly, this research shows how the classic approach of super-insulated buildings should be reframed for the office case toward truly environmentally friendly buildings. 
Micromachines On-Surface Locomotion of Particle Based Microrobots Using Magnetically Induced Oscillation. The low Reynolds number condition presents a fundamental constraint on designing locomotive mechanisms for microscale robots. We report on the use of an oscillating magnetic field to induce on-surface translational motion of particle based microrobots. The particle based microrobots consist of microparticles, connected in a chain-like manner using magnetic self-assembly, where the non-rigid connections between the particles provide structural flexibility for the microrobots. Following the scallop theorem, the oscillation of flexible bodies can lead to locomotion at low Reynolds numbers, similar to the beating motion of sperm flagella. We characterized the velocity profiles of the microrobots by measuring their velocities at various oscillating frequencies. We also demonstrated the directional steering capabilities of the microrobots. This work will provide insights into the use of oscillation as a viable mode of locomotion for particle based microrobots near a surface. 
Hedge Fund Investing or Mutual Fund Investing: An Application of Multi-Attribute Utility Theory. This report contrasts high-risk, hedge fund trading, with low-risk, mutual fund trading, in terms of their differing utility functions. We envision hedge funds, led by informed traders who use information to seek out investment opportunities, timing market conditions, with the expectation that prices will move in their favor. Directional hedge funds act to influence prices, while non-directional hedge funds do not act to influence prices. We present utility functions based on steeply-sloping Laplace distributions and hyperbolic cosine distributions, to describe the actions of directional hedge fund traders. Less steeply-sloping lognormal distributions, Coulomb wave functions, quadratic utility functions, and Bessel utility functions are used to describe the investing style of non-directional hedge fund traders. Flatter Legendre utility functions and inverse sine utility functions describe the modest profit-making aspirations of mutual fund traders. The paper's chief contribution is to develop optimal prices quantitatively, by intersecting utility functions with price distributions. Price distributions for directional hedge fund returns are portrayed as sharp increases and decreases, in the form of jumps, in a discrete arrival Poisson-distributed process. Separate equations are developed for directional hedge fund strategies, including event-driven arbitrage, and global macro strategies. Non-directional strategies include commodity trading, riskneutral arbitrage, and convertible arbitrage, with primarily lognormal pricing distributions, and some Poisson jumps. Mutual funds are perceived to be Markowitz portfolios, lying on the Capital Market Line, or the International Capital Market Line, tangent to the Efficient Frontier of minimum variancemaximum return portfolios. 
Assessment of the Implicit Attitude of Japanese People toward Blacks and Little Black Sambo. We examined whether Japanese people, 47 junior high school students, 49 undergraduates, and 52 older adults, possessed negative attitudes against blacks and the picture book Little Black Sambo. We assessed the implicit attitude toward the target word pairs, "black/white" and "Sambo/Heidi," by utilizing a paper-based Implicit Association Test and found that both black and Sambo were associated more negatively than white and Heidi. However, the implicit attitudes assessed with a single-target IAT showed that 67 Japanese students showed positive implicit scores for blacks but with smaller valences. 
Moderation Effect of Perceived Benefits of Loyalty Programs on the Link between Store Attributes and Customer Loyalty. The objective of this report is to examine the moderation effect of perceived benefits of loyalty programs on the link between store attributes and customer loyalty. This analysis uses data from loyalty program members covering different apparel retailers of Northern districts of Karnataka. In the first step variables were identified through literature review and interview method. In the next step, exploratory factor analysis was performed to identify the critical factors which measure customer loyalty in the apparel retailer's context. Finally, moderation analysis was employed using SPSS and results indicate that perceived benefits of loyalty programs significantly moderate the relationship between stores attributes and customer loyalty. 
The Absolute Ruin Insurance Risk Model with a Threshold Dividend Strategy. The absolute ruin insurance risk model is modified by including some valuable market economic information factors, such as credit interest, debit interest and dividend payments. Such information is especially important for insurance companies to control risks. We further assume that the insurance company is able to finance and continue to operate when its reserve is negative. We investigate the integro-differential equations for some interest actuarial diagnostics. We also provide numerical examples to explain the effects of relevant parameters on actuarial diagnostics. 
Psychology Research and Behavior Management Dovepress specifying active components of educational interventions to promote adherence to treatment in glaucoma patients: application of a taxonomy of behavior change techniques. correspondence: heather Waterman school of nursing, Midwifery and social Work, University of Manchester, Room 6. 314a, Jean McFarlane Building, Oxford Road, Manchester M13 9Pl, UK Tel +44 61 306 7864 Fax +44 161 306 7894 email heather. waterman@manchester. ac. uk. 
VERSLAS: TEORIJA IR PRAKTIKA / BUSINESS: THEORY AND PRACTICE THE DETERMINANTS OF THE COMPETITIVENESS OF LITHUANIAN EXPORT: MACROECONOMIC APPROACH. 2019 20: 170-178 https://doi. org/10. 3846/btp. 2019. 16 macroeconomic level). Depending on a particular level, the conceptualization and measuring of competitiveness may significantly vary. Although scientists separate different levels of competitiveness, these three levels are closely interrelated: a country-level competitiveness is characterized by the economic efficiency of different industries, while industrial competitiveness is affected by the efficiency of the firms operating in a particular industry. In this article, we lean on Tyson's (1992) definition whereby competitiveness of a country is defined as its ability to produce goods or services Abstract. The development of an appropriate export promotion strategy in any country calls for consideration of such countrylevel determinants as macroeconomic indicators and cultural elements. Small economies, like Lithuania, must have a clear understanding of which macroeconomic factors most significantly contribute to the competitiveness of their exports. This article is aimed at assessment of the competitiveness of Lithuanian export in the macroeconomic context. The main purpose of the research is to assess the determinants of the competitiveness of Lithuanian export in the macroeconomic context. For accomplishment of the defined purpose, the following objectives were raised: 1) to review the general determinants of export competitiveness; 2) to develop the methodology for assessment of the country's export competitiveness in the macroeconomic context; 3) to empirically assess the impact of macroeconomic determinants on the competitiveness of Lithuanian export over the period 2007-2015. The research methods include comparative and systematic literature analysis, correlation and regression analysis. It has been found that GDP (gross domestic product) per capita and general state's revenue from taxes and social contributions explain the trends of Lithuanian export by 99. 1 percent. A very strong correlation has been estimated between Lithuanian export and terms of financing for exporting enterprises, a negative medium-strong correlation has been estimated between the country's export and its general tax level, while a positive medium-strong correlation has been captured between the country's export and its minimum wages. Novelty. The results lead to the conclusion that the competitiveness of Lithuanian export is mainly affected by the state's tax policy, terms of financing for exporting enterprises and social wage strategies. By improving the above-mentioned areas, the country could occupy stronger competitive positions in international markets. 
Paradigm Shift in Business Education: A Competence-Based Approach. The fast and unpredictable changes in the business environment lead to significant changes in the future job market. For current business students, the future will offer many new opportunities for their employment but, at the same time, it will also create many threats disguised in the disappearing jobs. Business education centered mainly on knowledge transmission is challenged to switch towards a competence-based approach which includes knowledge, skills, and attitudes. The present research focuses on the need to change the paradigm of business education by creating a new learning environment centered on business competencies, and on a new knowledge ecosystem dynamics. The approach uses both qualitative and quantitative methods. In the first phase the research is focused on a critical literature review, and extraction of ideas for the next phase based on quantitative methods. In order to evaluate the students' perception on the need of competence-based business education, a questionnaire has been designed and applied to undergraduate and graduate students enrolled in business and management programs. Data is processed by using SPSS and deriving six logistic regressions based on the conceptual model designed similar to a hierarchy Findings coming from students show a significant awareness for the need of paradigm shift in business education, from knowledge transfer to business competence development. 
Research on the Factors Affecting Regional Smog in China-Based on Spatial Panel Model. Based on the PM2. 5 concentration values of 30 provinces in China from 1998 to 2016, this analysis empirically analyzes the influencing factors of smog pollution by using spatial Durbin model. The study found that smog pollution in China has significant spatial spillover effects and spatial characteristics of high-high (low-low) aggregation. And through the method of spatial Durbin model, it is found that the smog pollution in China is time-dependent due to the significant influence of its lag term. In terms of driving factors, it is found that there is a significant inverted U-shaped curve relationship between smog pollution and economic growth. In terms of driving factors, it is found that there is a significant inverted U-shaped curve relationship between smog pollution and economic growth. The industrial structure with high proportion of the second industry, urbanization measured by urban population, and coal-based energy structure significantly aggravate the smog pollution in our country. In view of the spatial spillover effect and time lag effect of smog pollution in China, it is necessary to strengthen regional joint prevention and control. And it is also supposed to optimize industrial structure, achieve clean and efficient use of resources, rationalize urbanization, and encourage public transportation and new energy vehicles. 
On the Optimal Risk Sharing in Reinsurance with Random Recovery Rate. This report studies a Pareto-optimal reinsurance contract in the presence of negative statistical dependence between the insurance claim and the random recovery rate. In the context of symmetric information model and asymmetric information model, we investigate properties of the Pareto-optimal indemnity schedules. For risk neutral reinsurer with proportional cost and associated expense, we present possible forms of the Pareto-optimal indemnity schedule as well. 
The W, Z/n, d Paradigm for the First Passage of Strong Markov Processes without Positive Jumps. As is well-known, the benefit of restricting Levy processes without positive jumps is the "W, Z scale functions paradigm", by which the knowledge of the scale functions W, Z extends immediately to other risk control problems. The same is true largely for strong Markov processes X t , with the notable distinctions that (a) it is more convenient to use as "basis" differential exit functions n, d, and that (b) it is not yet known how to compute n, d or W, Z beyond the Levy, diffusion, and a few other cases. The unifying framework outlined in this report suggests, however, via an example that the spectrally negative Markov and Levy cases are very similar (except for the level of work involved in computing the basic functions n, d). We illustrate the potential of the unified framework by introducing a new objective (33) for the optimization of dividends, inspired by the de Finetti problem of maximizing expected discounted cumulative dividends until ruin, where we replace ruin with an optimally chosen Azema-Yor/generalized draw-down/regret/trailing stopping time. This is defined as a hitting time of the "draw-down" process Y t = sup 0<=s<=t X s - X t obtained by reflecting X t at its maximum. This new variational problem has been solved in a parallel paper. 
Does VC Spur Regional Innovation?. Studies of domestic and foreign scholars found that technological innovation is one of the key driving forces for economic growth. Venture capital (VC) had a new investment mechanism accompanied by the emergence technological innovation, and invested in a unique way and in a special operation mode, which determined the effective promotion of technological innovation. In this report, the effect of VC on technological innovation was examined in two perspectives-"capitalincrease effect" and "innovation propensity-increase effect". Chinese provincial unbalanced panel data from 2009 to 2013 were gathered to verify the two effects above. And we also explored how VC affected regional innovation and its mechanism. The results showed that VC had a positive role in regional innovation promoting, and "capital-increase effect" can be verified. VC was to produce more innovations while reducing blind innovation input so as to improve innovation efficiency. The "innovation propensity-increase effect" can be verified. 
Paradigm shifts and the interplay between state, business and civil sectors. The recent rise of the civil sector as a main player of sociopolitical actions, next to public and private sectors, has largely increased the complexity underlying the interplay between different sectors of our society. From urban planning to global governance, analysis of these complex interactions requires new mathematical and computational approaches. Here, we develop a novel framework, grounded on evolutionary game theory, to envisage situations in which each of these sectors is confronted with the dilemma of deciding between maintaining a status quo scenario or shifting towards a new paradigm. We consider multisector conflicts regarding environmentally friendly policies as an example of application, but the framework developed here has a considerably broader scope. We show that the public sector is crucial in initiating the shift, and determine explicitly under which conditions the civil sector-reflecting the emergent reality of civil society organizations playing an active role in modern societiesmay influence the decision-making processes accruing to other sectors, while fostering new routes towards a paradigm shift of the society as a whole. Our results are shown to be robust to a wide variety of assumptions and model parametrizations. 
Impact of SMEs Green Supply Chain Practice Adoption on SMEs Firm and Environmental Performance. The objective of this report is to examine the impact of SMEs green supply chain practice adoption on SMEs firm and environmental performance. This analysis used data from owners/managers from different Industry Associations and clusters in the SMEs domain in South India and used a two-step approach for data analysis. In the first step, a measurement model was used to assess the validity and reliability of the measures, then in the second step structural model was used to test the proposed hypotheses. The results indicate that green purchasing impacts on SMEs firm performance and environmental performance, and eco design impacts on SMEs firm performance. To author's knowledge, this report is unique in the terms of finding impacts of green purchasing and Eco design on SMEs firm performance and environmental performance. 
The Effect of Competition on Risk Taking in Contests. We investigate, theoretically and experimentally, the effect of competition on risk taking in a contest in which players only decide on the level of risk they wish to take. Taking more risk implies a chance of a higher performance, but also implies a higher chance of failure. We vary the level of competition in two ways: by varying the number of players (2 players versus 8 players), and by varying the sensitivity of the contest to differences in performance (lottery contest versus all-pay auction). Our results show that there is a significant interaction effect between the two treatments, suggesting that players are particularly prone to take more risks if both the number of players and the sensitivity to performance are higher. Dechenaux et al. [1] offer a review of the experimental research on contests. Konrad [2] provides a survey of the theoretical literature. 2. 
Wine Tasting Discourse: Traditional Knowledge, and Practice. Traditions, brotherhoods, wines of terroir, vintage wines. . . so many expressions that, beyond the numerical value, compose the wine tasting speech, in France as well as in Romania, among others. The rising of awareness concerning traditions and heritage notions has largely evolved during the XXth century, spanning from the vineyard as a field for the theatricality of the brotherhoods to the considerations given to rites and customs, as well as to wine-tasting, till the larger social context. The taste related cultural discourse or argumentation plays a major role, from a pragmatic as well as cognitive viewpoint, within the wine tasting process, in order to represent a product or conceive an advertising. Wine provides experience and subjectivity in the frame of a taste-related simulation, always new, always personal. Thus, wine language is often very different from subjective perception, which is correlated to sensorial memories resulted from past tasting experiences or situations. How to communicate about wine, from different perspectives? Or how to pass on discoursive references and representations of the good wine? These questions send to the subjectivity of wine quality, to the connection that we might have with the product, as well as to wine's cultural imaginary, in a multidisciplinary and intercultural perspective. In the frame of wine tasting theatricality, taste is subjective and each person's judgement concerning wine taste is in accordance to his or her own "oenologism": meaning its identity specter as a taster. The tasting procedure, beyond being a savoir-faire, it's an incorporation experience which shares a part of one's own identity. Thus, the meanings and values attached to the notion of wine desire vary depending upon the significations given to the representations of "good" wine, and are illustrated by a personal speech reference. 
Confirmatory factoral validity of public housing satisfaction constructs Confirmatory factoral validity of public housing satisfaction constructs ABOUT THE AUTHORS. Validation of housing satisfaction constructs using different perspectives is necessary with increasing relevance of Modelling in post occupancy evaluation (POE). This report used building components theory to identify tangible and intangible building features and assess the factorial validity of the constructs, with the intention to create substantial and reliable measurement models which can efficiently measure occupants' satisfaction constructs in public housing evaluation. A total of 300 questionnaires were administered in Gombe metropolis, Nigeria. Some 246 were collected, and 212 were used for final analysis after data screening. Tangible and intangible building satisfaction constructs were produced as independent latent constructs while building component satisfaction as the dependent latent construct. The validity of the constructs was confirmed by AMOS software. Results demonstrated the factorability of occupants' satisfaction using building components, tangible and intangible features, and provided a standard for a holistic understanding of building satisfaction components. Hence, this supports the use of building component theory in POE studies. Future studies can identify the relationship between dependent and independent building satisfaction construct. Findings are useful for performance evaluation in public housing studies, Users' satisfaction analyses and formulation of policies to achieve public housing satisfaction. 
Household's Perception of Water Quality and Willingness to Pay for Clean Water in Mexico City. A 2011 survey of Mexico City's households revealed that families prefer alternative sources of drinking water instead of relying in the city's quality supply services. These include the purchase of bottled water, installation of filtration devices, and other means of water purification. The demand for better water quality was tested by estimating the household's willingness to pay (WTP), using a contingency valuation (CV) experiment through an open-format questionnaire and by estimating a censored econometric (Tobit) model. The econometric study revealed that the WTP for better water quality is influenced by variables related with distrust of the water quality provided by the City and the organoleptic characteristics of the water supply, as well as spending on bottled water or water purification technologies. The average WTP surcharge for better potable water quality is US$3. 1 or 4. 7% of the bimonthly water bill, which is about 0. 22% of the average family income in Mexico City. The percentage of WTP to income is bigger in poor families. This suggests that improving water quality is of greater importance for lower income families. Findings are consistent with previous studies that estimated the WTP for improvements in the services that supply water to households in the city. These include reduction of inefficiency and intermittency of the supply along with water quality, improve measuring water meters, reducing the obsolescence of the infrastructure and increasing adequate maintenance. Our research is the first to estimate the WTP for better water quality in Mexico City and constitutes a reference point for those that address the problem of water quality and its impact on the welfare and income of families. 
A Hybrid Two-Phase Recommendation for Group-Buying E-commerce Applications. Featured Application: The hybrid two-phase recommendation for some group-buying based e-commerce applications, such as Meituan. com and Pinduoduo. com. 
Engaging local communities in tackling illegal wildlife trade: A synthesis of approaches and lessons for best practice. At numerous international policy forums, governments from a wide range of countries have made commitments to supporting community engagement as part of their efforts to tackling international illegal wildlife trade (IWT). Despite this, the major focus of anti-IWT strategies to date has been on law enforcement. There is no blueprint approach to community engagement and thus uncertainty on the part of the designers and implementers of initiatives intended to tackle IWT as to how best to proceed. In this report we provide a synthesis of existing approaches to community engagement to tackle international IWT and review the evidence on their effectiveness. The synthesis illustrates the wide range of different community engagement approaches that have been utilized to date and could be explored by others. But it also highlights the lack of regular, robust monitoring of such initiatives. The dearth of evidence on effectiveness of community-based strategies to tackle IWT may not be any worse than the evidence on effectiveness of other approaches. Nevertheless, it presents a major conceptual and technical barrier to the uptake of community engagement approaches as well as hampering efforts to encourage national governments to implement the commitments they made through the high-level policy forums. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Exploring the Dynamic Links between GCC Sukuk and Commodity Market Volatility. This analysis investigates the impact of commodity price volatility (including soft commodities, precious metals, industrial metals, and energy) on the dynamics of corporate sukuk returns. Using a sample of sukuk indices from Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries, we study the dynamic conditional correlation using a multivariate generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity dynamic conditional correlation (GARCH-DCC) process. Empirical results show a time-varying negative correlation between GCC sukuk returns and commodity prices. In fact, a negative conditional correlation among assets of a given portfolio implies higher gain-to-risk ratios. An understanding of volatility and dynamic co-movements in financial and commodity markets is important for portfolio allocation and risk management practices. 
Financial Impacts of Net-Metered Distributed PV on a Prototypical Western Utility's Shareholders and Ratepayers. Distributed solar photovoltaic (DPV) under net-energy metering with volumetric retail electricity pricing has raised concerns among utilities and regulators about adverse financial impacts for shareholders and ratepayers. Using a pro forma financial model, we estimate the financial impacts of different DPV deployment levels on a prototypical Western U. S. investor-owned utility under a varied set of operating conditions that would be expected to affect the value of DPV. Our results show that the financial impacts on shareholders and ratepayers increase as the level of DPV deployment increases, though the magnitude is small even at high DPV penetration levels. Even rather dramatic changes in DPV value result in modest changes to shareholder and ratepayer impacts, but the impacts on the former are greater than the latter (in percentage terms). The range of financial impacts are driven by differences in the amount of incremental capital investment that is deferred, as well as the amount of incremental distribution operating expenses that are incurred. While many of the impacts appear relatively small (on a percentage basis), they demonstrate how the magnitude of impacts depend critically on utility physical, financial, and operating characteristics. 
Cross Entropy Method for Solving Generalized Orienteering Problem. Optimization technique has been growing rapidly throughout the years. It is caused by the growing complexity of problems that require a relatively long time to solve using exact optimization approach. One of complex problems that is hard to solve using the exact method is Generalized Orienteering Problem (GOP), a combinatorial problem including NP-hard problem. Recently, there has been plenty of heuristic method development to solve this problem. This research is an implementation of cross entropy (CE) method in real case of GOP. CE is an optimization technique that relatively new, using two main procedures; generating sample solution and parameter updating to produce better sample for next iteration. At this research, GOP problem that occurs at finding optimal route consist of 27 cities in eastern China is investigated. Results indicate that CE method give better performance than those of Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and Harmony Search (HS). 
Does Immateriality Matter? Evidence from Accountants Concerning the Acceptability of Questionable Accounting Practices. Questionable accounting practices, sometimes, cause from misusing the concept of materiality to manage their reported earnings. The purpose of this analysis is to examine the attitudes of accountants concerning the acceptability of 14 questionable accounting practices from the amount of material and immaterial perspectives. The results show that, for all 14 questionable accounting practices, the differences in acceptability between the amount of materiality and immateriality were all statistically significant. Regarding the amount of immateriality, especially for questionable, but still legal accounting practices, accountants appear to have the higher average level of acceptability under the extreme pressure from the top management. While questionable accounting practices are clearly illegal, no matter what the amount is material or immaterial, accountants appear to have the lowest average level of acceptability. This finding may be helpful for businesses and professional associations as they develop their own policies, standards and educational programs regarding dealing with questionable accounting practices. 
Regional Studies Linking global financial networks with regional development: a case study of Linyi, China Linking global financial networks with regional development: a case study of Linyi, China. This analysis applies the global financial network (GFN) framework to investigate the process and consequences of global financing for a regional economy in a financial globalization era. Using Linyi, a prefectural-level city in China as a case study, it illustrates how the regional economy has been linked with GFN via overseas listings of the lead regional firms. By incorporating in offshore jurisdictions, listing on overseas stock exchanges in world cities and through interaction with international advanced business services firms, since the early 2000s the lead firms and regional economy of Linyi have established global capital and knowledge pipelines. 
The nexus between economic growth, financial development, trade openness, and CO2 emissions in European countries The nexus between economic growth, financial development, trade openness, and CO2 emissions in European countries. In this report, we empirically investigate the causal nexus between economic growth (GDP), CO2 emissions (environmental degradation), financial development, and trade openness using the ordinary least squares technique for a yearly panel data of 40 European economies, during the period of study from 1985 to 2014. To examine this causal link, we utilize the Cobb-Douglas production function. The empirical findings point to a bidirectional Granger causal linkage among GDP and pollution, GDP and financial sector development, GDP and trade openness, financial sector development and trade openness, and trade openness and pollution in the case of European economies. From the causal link between GDP and environmental pollutants, we validate the existence/confirm the validity of the environmental Kuznets curve hypothesis. Also, we confirm/bear out the feedback suggestion of the bidirectional causality among trade openness and financial sector development. Besides, we find the neutrality hypothesis linking carbon emissions and financial sector development inflows. We find the presence of the bidirectional nexus between GDP and financial sector development and among GDP and trade openness in the European economies. Finally, panel causality verifies that bidirectional causal. 
Internal Costumer Satisfaction: Turkish Air Traffic Control Services. This analysis traces to determine the internal customers in air traffic control services by using INTQUAL Scale I. In this analysis, the research method of another study was adapted to the new sector. New questionnaire statements were added. Hence, the dimensions of INTQUAL were changed. Air traffic control system works as a service manufacture system. In this regard, a questionnaire was prepared and applied to the air traffic controllers that work in the 3 international airports in Turkey. Some air traffic controllers that work in same operation feels less satisfied than the others. Also, there is same conclusion in different air traffic control units, too. In previous years, there is no study about air traffic controllers as this analysis. It is necessary to make the study like that for both providing improvement about the salary regulations and controllers' work conditions. 
A Risky Business? Habitat and Social Behavior Impact Skin and Gut Microbiomes in Caribbean Cleaning Gobies. The broadstripe cleaning goby Elacatinus prochilos has two alternative ecotypes: sponge-dwellers, which live in large groups and feed mainly upon nematode parasites; and coral-dwellers, that live in small groups or in solitude and behave as cleaners. Recent studies focusing on the skin and gut microbiomes of tropical fish showed that microbial communities are influenced mainly by diet and host species. Here, we compare the skin and gut microbiomes of the Caribbean broadstripe cleaning goby E. prochilos alternative ecotypes (cleaners and non-cleaners) from Barbados and predict that different habitat use and behavior (cleaning vs. non-cleaning) will translate in different bacterial profiles between the two ecotypes. We found significant differences in both alpha-and beta-diversity of skin and gut microbiomes belonging to different ecotypes. Importantly, the skin microbiome of obligate cleaners showed greater intra-sample diversity and harbored a significantly higher prevalence of potential fish pathogens. Likewise, potential pathogens were also more prevalent in the gut of obligate cleaners. We suggest that habitat use, diet, but also direct contact with potential diseased clientele during cleaning, could be the cause for these patterns. 
Positioning in the Global Value Chain as a Sustainable Strategy: A Case Study in a Mature Industry. As a result of the development of new industrialized countries, such as Brazil, China and other Southern Asian economies, as well as a globalized economy, traditional competitive paradigms based on advantages associated with costs and quality efficiencies or even innovation are no longer sufficient. These previous classical paradigms related competitiveness either to costs or technology innovation and the resources of industry incumbents. However, the combination of adequate knowledge and relationship management with marketing efforts brings forth a reconsideration of the present competitive models that go beyond those analyses from the point of view of global value chains. The objective of this investigation will analyze the governance structure of the territorial value chain in the Spanish and Italian ceramic tile industry, through the understanding of the previous and current roles of several industries involved in the value creation system. By way of both a case study and quantitative methodology approach, we will explore the paradigm change where traditional chain actors are losing their grip on their contribution to the territorial value creation system as new actors appear with a more stable status. The article concludes that proper positioning in the global value chain is a key strategy for the sustainability of the involved firms, especially Small and Medium Enterprises (SME). 
Testing the Least-Squares Monte Carlo Method for the Evaluation of Capital Requirements in Life Insurance. In this report, we test the efficiency of least-squares Monte Carlo method to estimate capital requirements in life insurance. We choose a simplified Gaussian evaluation framework where closed-form formulas are available and allow us to obtain solid benchmarks. Extensive numerical experiments were conducted by considering different combinations of simulation runs and basis functions, and the corresponding results are illustrated. 
Does Schooling Causally Impact Non-Cognitive Skills? Evidence from Elimination of Social Security Student Benefits. A limited number of studies have investigated the impacts of education on non-cognitive skills, yet they offer mixed results. A few studies suggest no impact, but others report positive impacts of education on non-cognitive skills. In this report, we apply the elimination of Social Security student benefits that took place in the United States in 1982 to study the impacts of education on non-cognitive skills, as measured by the Rotter Locus of Control Scale and Rosenberg Self-Esteem Scale. We apply eligibility for aid due to the death of father to avoid endogeneity in our analysis. Our results suggest that non-cognitive skills improve during the college education years, but the causality relationship from college education to non-cognitive skills disappears to a high extent when the prior levels of non-cognitive skills are controlled for. 
The Distribution of Returns. The distribution of the returns on investment depends on the rules in the economic system. The article reviews various return distributions, ranging from equity securities in equilibrium, to antiques bought at auction, to debt instruments with uncertain payouts. A general methodology is provided to construct distributions of returns. 
Atmospheric and Oceanic Science Letters Responses of terrestrial water cycle components to afforestation within and around the Yellow River basin Responses of terrestrial water cycle components to afforestation within and around the Yellow River basin. Reforestation has attracted worldwide attention because of its multiple environmental benefits, but its impact on water resources is complicated and still controversial. In this analysis, the authors conducted numerical experiments within and around the Yellow River basin under the Grain-for-Green project using the Weather Research and Forecasting model. The results showed that the terrestrial water cycle process was sensitive to land use/cover change in the study region. Under the increase of mixed forests within and below the basin, the basin-averaged precipitation and evaporation increased by 223. 17 and 223. 88 mm respectively, but the surface runoff decreased by 2. 22 mm from 2006 to 2010. In other words, the forest-induced increase in evaporation exceeded that of precipitation along with decreased surface runoff. Importantly, the afforestation effects on water resources seemed to enhance with time, and the effects of the same vegetation change were different in dry and wet years with different precipitation amounts (i. e. different atmospheric circulation background). It should be noted that it is difficult to obtain one product that can explicitly reflect the spatial distribution of actual land cover change promoted by the Grain-for-Green project in the Yellow River basin, which is an important obstacle to clearly identify the reforestation impacts. A land cover dataset derived from advantages of multiple sets of data therefore needs to be proposed. 
Supporting Business Privacy Protection in Wireless Sensor Networks. With the pervasive use of wireless sensor networks (WSNs) within commercial environments, business privacy leakage due to the exposure of sensitive information transmitted in a WSN has become a major issue for enterprises. We examine business privacy protection in the application of WSNs. We propose a business privacy-protection system (BPS) that is modeled as a hierarchical profile in order to filter sensitive information with respect to enterprise-specified privacy requirements. The BPS aims at solving a tradeoff between metrics that are defined to estimate the utility of information and the business privacy risk. We design profile, risk assessment, and filtration agents to implement the BPS based on multiagent technology. The effectiveness of our proposed BPS is validated by experiments. 
Integrity or Compliance Based Ethics: Which Is Better for Today's Business?. A firm and a rigorous ethics program are essential in business today. Consumers demand that the companies that they do business with be ethical. Compliance and integrity based ethics programs are the leading pragmatic approaches to ethics used in today's business environment. Reviewing each of these programs individually and then comparing and contrasting them and finally evaluating them as a synthesized program is a useful form of analysis. By separating, then comparing and subsequently integrating the best of both methods leads to the determination that firms must be able to synthesize the two theories and apply them to their business. 
Who Is the Beneficiary of Slack on Corporate Financial Performance and Corporate Philanthropy? Evidence from South Korea. As stakeholder relations vary depending on firm characteristics, the associations among corporate financial performance (CFP), corporate giving, and corporate social performance (CSP) are complex. In this report, we contribute to the literature by exploring CFP as a predictor of CSP by differentiating the stakeholder groups that firms interact with; that is, primary versus secondary stakeholder relations. Our study also extends the existing literature by examining who the beneficiaries of corporate philanthropy are, and the role played on the CFP/CSP association. By extracting a sample of 52 firms and 312 firm-year observations from the Korea Economic Justice Institute database, we find that while CFP has a positive effect only on primary stakeholder relations, corporate philanthropy has a positive impact on both primary and secondary stakeholder relations. Furthermore, we observe an overall influence of CFP on stakeholder relations when corporate philanthropy is high. Our findings suggest that differentiating multiple stakeholder groups together with the role played by corporate philanthropy provides a more valuable and meaningful analysis of the antecedents of CSP. 
Neuronal Ensemble Decoding Using a Dynamical Maximum Entropy Model. As advances in neurotechnology allow us to access the ensemble activity of multiple neurons simultaneously, many neurophysiologic studies have investigated how to decode neuronal ensemble activity. Neuronal ensemble activity from different brain regions exhibits a variety of characteristics, requiring substantially different decoding approaches. Among various models, a maximum entropy decoder is known to exploit not only individual firing activity but also interactions between neurons, extracting information more accurately for the cases with persistent neuronal activity and/or low-frequency firing activity. However, it does not consider temporal changes in neuronal states and therefore would be susceptible to poor performance for nonstationary neuronal information processing. To address this issue, we develop a novel decoder that extends a maximum entropy decoder to take timevarying neural information into account. This decoder blends a dynamical system model of neural networks into the maximum entropy model to better suit for nonstationary circumstances. From two simulation studies, we demonstrate that the proposed dynamic maximum entropy decoder could cope well with time-varying information, which the conventional maximum entropy decoder could not achieve. The results suggest that the proposed decoder may be able to infer neural information more effectively as it exploits dynamical properties of underlying neural networks. 
Statistical Inference for the Beta Coefficient. The beta coefficient plays a crucial role in finance as a risk measure of a portfolio in comparison to the benchmark portfolio. In the paper, we investigate statistical properties of the sample estimator for the beta coefficient. Assuming that both the holding portfolio and the benchmark portfolio consist of the same assets whose returns are multivariate normally distributed, we provide the finite sample and the asymptotic distributions of the sample estimator for the beta coefficient. These findings are used to derive a statistical test for the beta coefficient and to construct a confidence interval for the beta coefficient. Moreover, we show that the sample estimator is an unbiased estimator for the beta coefficient. The theoretical results are implemented in an empirical study. 
Ethnic Minorities and Social Inequities: A Diagnostic Assessment about the Mexican Indigenous Population. This report analyzes the social inequities lived by the Mexican indigenous population beginning from its condition as a minority group, focusing particularly on the case of health, it being understood that it reflects the conditions that are in other spheres of the social structure. As such, with a design of quantitative nature and an explorative scope, during the period of November 2012 through October 2013, a diagnostic assessment was conducted on the situation experienced by the Mexican indigenous population, utilizing a methodology of ethnic focus proposed by the Pan American Health Organization, finding that such group presents notable disadvantages and inequities in the distinct main topics that are integrated in the analysis, which contrasts it with the recorded data of the non-indigenous population of the country. The previously stated allows confirming that in Mexico the ethnic origin factor is a determining aspect for the living social inequities and affects the conformation of the minority groups. 
Game Russian Options for Double Exponential Jump Diffusion Processes. In this report, we deal with the valuation of Game Russian option with jumps, which is a contract that the seller and the buyer have both the rights to cancel and to exercise it at any time, respectively. This model can be formulated as a coupled optimal stopping problem. First, we discuss the pricing model with jumps when the stock pays dividends continuously. Secondly, we derive the value function of Game Russian options and investigate properties of optimal boundaries of the buyer. Finally, some numerical results are presented to demonstrate analytical properties of the value function. 
Analysis of the Construction and Implementation of the New Mode of School-Enterprise Cooperation in Higher Vocational Colleges from the Perspective of Educational Reform. In January 2019, the State Council of the People's Republic of China issued the implementation plan of national vocational education reform, which clearly stated that "guided by promoting employment and adapting to the needs of industrial development, China's vocational education should be transformed into a type of education with social participation of enterprises and distinct professional characteristics". This report takes the image file technology major of Shanghai Publishing and Printing College as an example to analyze the construction of the major in order to adapt to the social and economic development as the guide, to the integration of industry and education as the guarantee, and to explore the construction and path of the new mode of school enterprise cooperation under the background of education reform. 
Ocean Science Solid Earth The Cryosphere A statistical analysis of insurance damage claims related to rainfall extremes. In this report, a database of water-related insurance damage claims related to private properties and content was analysed. The aim was to investigate whether the probability of occurrence of rainfall-related damage was associated with the intensity of rainfall. Rainfall data were used for the period of 2003-2009 in the Netherlands based on a network of 33 automatic rain gauges operated by the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute. Insurance damage data were aggregated to areas within 10-km range of the rain gauges. Through a logistic regression model, high claim numbers were linked to maximum rainfall intensities, with rainfall intensity based on 10-min to 4-h time windows. Rainfall intensity proved to be a significant damage predictor; however, the explained variance, approximated by a pseudo-R 2 statistic, was at most 34 % for property damage and at most 30 % for content damage. When directly comparing predicted and observed values, the model was able to predict 5-17 % more cases correctly compared to a random prediction. No important differences were found between relations with property and content damage data. A considerable fraction of the variance is left unexplained, which emphasizes the need to study damage generating mechanisms and additional explanatory variables. 
Transformation and Upgrading of Manufacturing Service-Taking ShaanGu as an Example. The rapid rise of the service economy has led to significant changes in the industrial structure. Instead of taking a single reliance on product for development, manufacturing should develop service-oriented manufacturing because it offers opportunities for innovation and development for the Chinese manufacturing industry. This report analyzes the important stage of the development of ShaanGu and discusses the core measures of supporting the ShaanGu in the manufacturing industry. At the same time, in the face of the depression of the current manufacturing market, this is manufacturing enterprises to transform and upgrade to provide guidance for service-oriented manufacturing recommendations. 
The Role and Impact of Industry 4. 0 and the Internet of Things on the Business Strategy of the Value Chain-The Case of Hungary. In the era of industrial digitalization, companies are increasingly investing in tools and solutions that allow their processes, machines, employees, and even the products themselves, to be integrated into a single integrated network for data collection, data analysis, the evaluation of company development, and performance improvement. To study the impact of Industry 4. 0 on the company we used Porter's (1985) value chain model, which is particularly useful when paying particular attention to corporate areas which have a primary role in customer value creation. Since the primary impact of Industry 4. 0 is perceived in value-creating processes, and has so far had the greatest transformative effect in this area, the model can be considered to be appropriate. The objective of our research is to discover how companies operating in Hungary interpret the phenomenon of Industry 4. 0, what Internet of Things (IoT) tools they use to support their processes, and what critical issues they face during adaptation. We applied a dual methodology in our investigation: We sent an online questionnaire to manufacturing and logistical service companies to investigate the IoT tools they use, and the problems they face, and received 43 answers we could evaluate. We also conducted four expert interviews with manufacturing firms to get deeper insights into the application, critical issues and development phases of IoT tools. During our research, we found that the spread of real-time data across companies-given the availability of appropriate analytical tools and methods-can have a significant impact on the entire company. In the case of CPS (Cyber Physical System), CPPS and Big Data Technologies, companies using them have been evaluated as having a higher level of logistic service, more efficient processes with their partners, improved cooperation between certain logistic functions, and higher market and financial performance and competitiveness. Applying more efficient production processes, and achieving better productivity and economies of scale, might also result in increased economic sustainability. Furthermore, we have found that companies have started on the path to digital evolution, and investments of this type have already begun. 
Managing the Formation of The Individual Financial Culture of University Students. The purpose of the study dealing with the mechanisms for managing the formation of the individual financial culture of university students is to identify the optimal pedagogical conditions that contribute to the development of financially literate behavior of students studying under education agreements as rational consumers of educational services. The work performed allowed concluding that the attitude of students to mastering the chosen educational program, their academic performance, as well as social and labor activity allows predicting the nature of their financial behavior as market actors in their future daily life. The majority of students do not tend to treat their training as an investment in their own human capital due to the predominance of paternalistic attitudes associated with the imposition of costs for education on older family members. 
New Research Progress Review on Psychological Ownership. This report reviews the latest research on psychological ownership from the following three aspects: 1) theoretical background of psychological ownership; 2) connotation and measurement of psychological ownership; 3) formation mechanism and influence mechanism of psychological ownership. This report also reveals the formation mechanism, the impact mechanism and interpretation of psychological ownership from local organization members' perspective under Chinese culture. 
Citation: Functional Urate-Associated Genetic Variants Influence Expression of lincRNAs LINC01229 and MAFTRR. Genetic variation in the genomic regulatory landscape likely plays a crucial role in the pathology of disease. Non-coding variants associated with disease can influence the expression of long intergenic non-coding RNAs (lincRNAs), which in turn function in the control of protein-coding gene expression. Here, we investigate the function of two independent serum urate-associated signals (SUA1 and SUA2) in close proximity to lincRNAs and an enhancer that reside ~60 kb and ~300 kb upstream of MAF, respectively. Variants within SUA1 are expression quantitative trait loci (eQTL) for LINC01229 and MAFTRR, both co-expressed with MAF. We have also identified that variants within SUA1 are trans-eQTL for genes that are active in kidney-and serum urate-relevant pathways. Serum urate-associated variants rs4077450 and rs4077451 within SUA2 lie within an enhancer that recruits the transcription factor HNF4a and forms long range interactions with LINC01229 and MAFTRR. The urate-raising alleles of rs4077450 and rs4077451 increase enhancer activity and associate with increased expression of LINC01229. We show that the SUA2 enhancer region drives expression in the zebrafish pronephros, recapitulating endogenous MAF expression. Depletion of MAFTRR and LINC01229 in HEK293 cells in turn lead to increased MAF expression. Collectively, our results are consistent with serum urate variants mediating long-range transcriptional regulation of the lincRNAs LINC01229 and MAFTRR and urate relevant genes (e. g. , SLC5A8 and EHHADH) in trans. 
Financial Stability and Sustainability under the Coordination of Monetary Policy and Macroprudential Policy: New Evidence from China. After the financial crisis, financial stability and sustainability became key to global economic and social development, and the coordination of monetary policy and macroprudential policy plays a crucial role in maintaining financial stability and sustainability. This report provides a theoretical analysis and empirical evidence from China on the impact of monetary policy and macroprudential policy coordination on financial stability and sustainability. We collect data from 2003 to 2017; from the micro level, we use the System Generalized Method of Moments (System GMM) method to analyze the monetary policy and macroprudential policy coordination effect on 88 commercial banks' risk-taking; from the macro level, we use the Structural Vector Autoregression (SVAR) method to analyze the two policies coordination effect on housing prices and stock price bubbles. The conclusions are as follows: firstly, for regulating bank risk-taking, monetary policy and macroprudential policy should conduct counter-cyclical regulation simultaneously; secondly, for regulating housing prices, tight monetary policy and tight macroprudential policy should be implemented alternately; thirdly, for regulating stock price bubbles, macroprudential policy should be the first line of defense and monetary policy should be the second one. 
Assessment of the Financial Sustainability of China's New Rural Pension Plan: Does the Demographic Policy Reform Matter?. Rural China is experiencing a rapid aging process caused by low fertility and large-scale rural-to-urban migration, which will place an increasing payment burden on the rural pension plan. To allay the negative impact of the aging transition, China has recently carried out a demographic policy reform, replacing the famous one-child policy with the two-child policy. This report evaluates the impacts of the demographic policy reform on the financial sustainability of China's New Rural Pension Plan (NRPP). By applying the cohort component population projection method and building actuarial models, the solvency sustainability of the NRPP between 2019 and 2080 is estimated under six demographic policy scenarios, followed by sensitivity analysis. The simulation results show that under the one-child policy, the current and the accumulated pension fund would run deficits in 2030 and 2042, and then the pension deficits would expand rapidly. The two-child policy would relieve the pension pressure moderately before 2075, but thereafter, the pension deficits would become much worse. Sensitivity analysis of a series of demographics and pension parameters on the financial sustainability of the NRPP are displayed. On average, the long-term pension gap may not be avoided for the NRPP, regardless of raising the contribution rate, delaying the retirement age, or encouraging people to have more children. 
The Case for a Pragmatic Qualitative Appraisal Framework for Local Economic Development. This report develops a theoretical framework and rationale for an alternative post-structuralist approach to assessing economic development strategies. This research applies Deleuzian philosophical concepts in order to address the limitations of current assessment methodologies. The paper explores the history of and the reasons for the perceived failure of the Auckland Regional Economic Development Strategy (AREDS). This perceived failure led to the total de-territorialsiation of the organisation tasked with implementing the strategy. Deleuzian spatial concepts, such as flows, plateaus, rhizomes and lines of flight, are employed to develop metaphorical tools for assessing economic development strategies, initiatives and programmes. The framework developed is tested against AREDS. The paper concludes that such strategies and local initiatives should be assessed based on performance predicated on becoming instead of performance-measured outcomes. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Exchange Rate Misalignment and Capital Flight from Botswana: A Cointegration Approach with Risk Thresholds. This analysis investigates the impact of exchange rate misalignment on outward capital flight in Botswana over the period 1980-2015. The study uses the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) approach to cointegration and the Toda and Yamamoto (1995) approach to Granger causality. Botswana's currency misalignment was caused by current account imbalances. The most important determinant of capital flight from Botswana is trade openness, which indicates that exportable commodities are misinvoiced leading to net capital outflows. Our main findings show that in the long-run, when the currency is overvalued, the volume of capital flight through trade misinvoicing declines and increasing foreign reserves does not reduce outward capital flight. However, when the currency is undervalued, the volume of capital flight through trade misinvoicing increases and foreign reserves reduce outward capital flight. Investors respond more to prospects of devaluation than to inflation. Botswana should tolerate overvaluation of the pula of only up to 5%. When the pula is overvalued beyond 5%, capital flight increases substantially. The government has to formulate trade regulations and monitor imported and exported commodities. Botswana should also implement capital controls to limit capital smuggling and maintain monetary autonomy. ). This analysis evaluates the impact of exchange rate misalignment on capital flight from Botswana over the period 1980-2015. The country aims to attract capital inflows to develop economic sectors other than mining. Botswana is unique because unlike other developing economies, it used only the fixed exchange rate regime since 1976. There has been no exchange rate regime change and the country has experienced significant undervaluation and overvaluation of the currency. It is conceivable that such misalignment has an impact on outward capital flight in Botswana. Botswana needs capital inflows for economic diversification, therefore, it is imperative to determine the impact of misalignment on capital flight from Botswana. 
The DRG-Based Hospital Prospective Payment System in Greece: An Assessment of the Reimbursement Rates Using Clinical Severity Classification. Introduction: Diagnosis Related Groups (DRGs) are used throughout the health care industry to address issues of cost, effectiveness and quality of care. Nonetheless, many have argued that the DRGs do not adequately adjust for patient severity and this prospective payment system leads to reimbursement inequities. Objective: The purpose of this analysis is first, to explore the relationship between KEN-DRGs reimbursement rates (along with other controls) and clinical severity classification and second, to draw hospital reimbursement policy implications. Methods: The present study is a retrospective observational study, undertaken in a very large number of hospitalization cases and conducted exclusively by examining reimbursement administrative data collected from the e-DAPY database of National Organization for Provision of Healthcare Services (EOPYY) in Greece. The database provided contained all impatient hospitalizations classified for every single KEN-DRG code and for every MDC (aggregated) for the time period January to June 2013 (first semester of 2013). Results: Our results demonstrate that though there is a strong association between reimbursement rates and clinical severity, there are several KEN-DRG codes that are over-(under-) reimbursed, taking in consideration their clinical severity class. Conclusion: Because DRGs systems are crucial in measuring relative efficiency among hospitals, as well as driving ongoing reimbursement, they should incorporate and establish the severity level for every admission, so as to determine whether case mix growth is associated with real costs or with coding and documentation improvements at the hospital. 
The HORSE Project: The Application of Business Process Management for Flexibility in Smart Manufacturing. Several high-tech manufacturing technologies are emerging to meet the demand for mass customized products. These technologies include configurable robots, augmented reality and the Internet-of-Things. Manufacturing enterprises can leverage these new technologies to pursue increased flexibility, i. e. , the ability to perform a larger variety of activities within a shorter time. However, the flexibility offered by these new technologies is not fully exploited, because current operations management techniques are not dynamic enough to support high variability and frequent change. The HORSE Project investigated several of the new technologies to find novel ways to improve flexibility, as part of the Horizon 2020 research and innovation program. The purpose of the project was to develop a system, integrating these new technologies, to support efficient and flexible manufacturing. This article presents the core result of the project: a reference architecture for a manufacturing operations management system. It is based on the application and extension of business process management (BPM) to manage dynamic manufacturing processes. It is argued that BPM can complement current operations management techniques by acting as an orchestrator in manufacturing processes augmented by smart technologies. Building on well-known information systems' architecting frameworks, design science research is performed to determine how BPM can be applied and adapted in smart manufacturing operations. The resulting reference architecture is realized in a concrete HORSE system and deployed and evaluated in ten practical cases, of which one is discussed in detail. It is shown that the developed system can flexibly orchestrate the manufacturing process through vertical control of all agents, and dynamic allocation of agents in the manufacturing process. Based on that, we conclude that BPM can be applied to overcome some of the obstacles toward increased flexibility and smart manufacturing. 
Impact of Incubated Enterprises' Cognitive Social Capital on Innovation Performance in Incubation Network: Acting through Intangible Resources Acquisition. In the background of incubation network, the paper studies how incubated enterprises gain cognitive social capital through embedding in the network, obtain intangible resources effectively in the resource-sharing environment and improve their innovation performance. We construct and analyze the theoretical model of cognitive social capital, intangible resource acquisition and innovation performance. The incubated enterprises need to strengthen cognitive social capital accumulation through incubation network; it effects the ability of intangible resource acquisition, then helps start-ups improve innovation performance. verse incubation resources, thus it should communicate and cooperate with others through networking. Incubators become the medium that connecting incubated enterprises and external environment, forming an incubation network in which the core is incubators and incubated enterprises, the auxiliary support is relevant external subjects such as universities, research institutions, intermediary institutions, investment and financing institutions. 
Air Marshal's Investigation Power's Research in Dealing with Hijacking Criminals. The power of investigation refers to the country's investigation organ and investigators in order to achieve the purpose of the investigation: in accordance with legal procedures, using special investigative means to carry out the investigation activities of power. As the youngest police classification in China, Chinese air marshal is the important member that first faces the hijacking suspects, and the effective implementation of its investigation right is crucial on how to identify, investigate and prevent the hijacking behavior. This report, using empirical analysis, comparative analysis and other research methods, aims to analyze and discuss how to overcome the defects of current Chinese air marshal's investigation power existing in the hijacking in criminal cases, in order to obtain the earliest direct investigation clue, find the suspect, define the direction and determine the specific target of investigation, and then puts forward the conception and suggestion of some reform. 
Global Genetic Resources Network-includes regional coordination. The implications of freezing seeds to conserve genes statically and for the long term are complex and deserve further reflection to appreciate seed banking as an attempt to detach seeds from their life cycle. Here, I use a cryopolitical framework to explore this in the context of the activities of the International Board of Plant Genetic Resources (IBPGR) between 1973 and 1984. I suggest that the emergence of seed banks is a shift toward a cryopower mode of governance, where technoscientific intervention in the biology of seeds was presented as a means to manage the survival of seeds. The project of ex situ conservation is a socio-technical effort by international institutions such as IBPGR and a variety of institutions with seed repositories. In creating a coldscape, they sought to make genetic resources into frozen seeds that were stable and mobile, not only across space but, importantly, over time. Consequently, our interpretations of seed banks as sites of geopolitical significance in the controversies over access to seeds can be complemented by considering their biopolitical importance as interventions that extend the power of IBPGR and other institutions toward plant life, and the future. [seed banks, cryopolitics, crop genetic resources, history of science, conservation] Sara Peres is with the University of Southampton, Southampton, U. K. Sara's research applies STS, historical, and geographical approaches to understand the creation, accumulation, and circulation of living organisms as biological resources. She is currently a Research Fellow at the University of Southampton working on the Animal Research Nexus project. 
Effects of Regional Trade Agreement to Local and Global Trade Purity Relationships. In contrast to the rapid integration of the world economy, many regional trade agreements (RTAs) have also emerged since the early 1990s. is contradiction has encouraged scholars and policymakers to explore the true effects of RTAs, including both regional and global trade relationships. is paper defines synthesized trade resistance and decomposes it into natural and artificial factors. Here, we separate the influence of geographical distance, economic volume, and overall increase in transportation and labor costs and use the expectation maximization algorithm to optimize the parameters and quantify the trade purity indicator, which describes the true global trade environment and relationships among countries. is indicates that although global and most regional trade relations gradually deteriorated during the period 2007-2017, RTAs generate trade relations among members, especially contributing to the relative prosperity of European Union (EU) and North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) countries. In addition, we apply the network to reflect the purity of the trade relations among countries. e effects of RTAs can be analyzed by comparing typical trade unions and trade communities, which are presented using an empirical network structure. is analysis shows that the community structure is quite consistent with some trade unions, and the representative RTAs constitute the core structure of international trade network. However, the role of trade unions has weakened, and multilateral trade liberalization has accelerated in the past decade. is means that more countries have recently tended to expand their trading partners outside of these unions rather than limit their trading activities to RTAs. 
Reducing Trade Inequality: A Network-Based Assessment. International trade, the network that underpins globalization, shows an extreme inequality. Despite efforts of multilateral organizations to foster a more fair world through trade agreements, it is hard to assess the effect of these changes on such a complex system. We have measured, using numerical simulation on a recently published network model, the impact of simple policies to boost trade chances among the weakest economies. Results suggest that global inequality may be reduced improving trade among low-income economies. 
Review of Accounting Gimmicks Called Depreciation. Depreciation is a complex, intricate and confusing term in the fields of engineering, social and management sciences. As a result, it has been over used, over stressed, and over worked by the accountants and professional valuers. International Accounting Standard (IAS) 4, qualifies assets for depreciation when assets are used for more than one accounting period, i. e. assets held by an enterprise for production or service, and has economic useful life. Whereas, under Standard Statement of Accounting Practice (SSAP) 12, depreciation is viewed as wearing out, consumption or other loss of value of fixed asset, whether arising from use, affluxion of time or obsolescence through technology and market changes. Complexity may arise when it is viewed as a fall in price, physical deterioration, allocation of cost, fall in value, valuation technique and asset replacement. Intricate and confusion are inevitable when accountants employ various methods of providing for depreciation on the same or similar assets of different life span. These methods may include straight line, reducing balance, sum of the year's digit, revaluation, annuity, output, sinking fund etc which will definitely give different values in the financial statement. The consequential effect is either to undermine or overstate the reported profit or distributable profit in the hands of the stakeholders, hence the absurdity of the financial reports. It is recommended that depreciation should be used with caution especially when the anticipated economic useful lives of the asset is short lived by new technology or passage of time thereby making it extremely difficult to recover or replace the net book value of the asset. 
Impacts of Industrial Heterogeneity and Technical Innovation on the Relationship between Environmental Performance and Financial Performance. In this report, we investigate the relationship between environmental performance (EP) and financial performance (FP) from the perspective of technical innovation in Chinese industrial sectors. We also consider industrial heterogeneity and take temporal variations of the link into account. We collect the required data from different Chinese statistical yearbooks from 2004 to 2015. We use an aggregated index of environmental pollutants as a proxy for EP and return on assets as a proxy for FP, and we employ research and development expenditure to capture technical innovation. The empirical results indicate that industrial heterogeneity exists and the EP-FP link varies in different industrial groups. There is no evidence that the EP-FP link becomes more positive and more significant over time. Furthermore, the mediation effect of technical innovation and environmental pressures can jointly affect the link. Finally, technical innovation partially mediates the EP-FP link but only in Chinese light-polluting sectors not in heavy-polluting sectors. The mediating role of technical innovation has a great impact on shaping the EP-FP link. When technical innovation partially mediates the focal link, apart from the indirect link, the direct EP-FP link is likely to be positive. If not, the direct EP-FP link is likely to be negative. 
Measurement of U. S. Equity Mutual Funds' Environmental Responsibility Attractiveness for an Individual Investor. Socially responsible mutual funds, also known as socially responsible invested funds, are one of the main instruments of Socially Responsible Investment (SRI). The term "fund" is used to refer to a ready-made financial product where investor's money is pooled into a portfolio and a fund/investment manager decides which shares to buy. Therefore, this financial product is attractive for passive investors without a high degree of financial knowledge. Nevertheless, investment tools aimed at assisting the investors in their selection of socially responsible companies which serve best their social and environmental values are rather scare and this lack of tools assisting investors in SRI is even more important when we refer to socially responsible mutual funds. The aim of this report is to assist individual passive investors in their investment decisions providing them with a ranking of mutual funds adjusted to their social, environmental and ethical particular preferences. The proposed approach is illustrated with a real US equity mutual funds' ranking example. P. Mendez et al. 
Resilience beyond Formal Structures: A Network Perspective towards the Challenges of an Aging Workforce in the Oil and Gas Industry. Changes in workplace demographics in the oil and gas industry have raised a concern about the risks of a knowledge-loss crisis due to mass retirement. The industry response has often consisted of strategies aimed at mapping knowledge across organizational units, codifying knowledge in databases, and mentoring new staff. However, such common managerial responses show important limitations in terms of grasping tacit and network-based dimensions of knowledge in complex oil production operations. Therefore, there is an industrial need for innovative knowledge management practices. In this conceptual article, we look at the knowledge-loss crisis from the perspective of network resilience in complex systems. A central assumption here is that it is important to look at retiring staff not only in terms of their explicit knowledge, but also in relation to their roles in evolving networks of interactions. Why do some social systems adapt to the departure of some individuals, recover from eventual knowledge-loss crises, and keep performing its functions? From an anticipatory logic, network analysis may show the initial conditions of a system and identify possible loss scenarios. From an adaptive logic, network analysis may inform interventions aimed at facilitating processes of interactions from which new knowledge may emerge and spread. Integrated operations may be a step in this direction. 
Balance of interests of stakeholders in the provision of insurance services. The owners and heads of companies often make serious financial decisions, both operational and strategic, guided not by traditional criteria for optimality of profitability and risk, but by the desire to satisfy, to one degree or another, the expectations and interests of various interested groups of people both in the company and for its limits. The financial goal of a large corporate structure, in particular an insurance organization, should be formulated on the basis of a balance of interests of all interested parties (stakeholders) of its business in accordance with stakeholder theory. The authors determine the purpose and objectives of this analysis as the discussion of the nature of the stakeholder approach to the balanced development of economic entities, as well as the insufficient development of methodological approaches to meeting the requirements of stakeholders. The stakeholder's approach allows us to disclose all key aspects of the functioning of an economic entity, and it could be proved that the corporate governance system of insurance organizations should include a mechanism for identifying and predicting the interests of key stakeholders and building on their basis strategic guidelines for coordinating and satisfying the interests of stakeholders. 
Sustainability Sustainability within Fashion Business Models: A Systematic Literature Review. Production, marketing, and consumption of fashion products result in negative environmental impacts due to the massive production volume of fashion items. However, there is limited literature on how the fashion industry integrates sustainability-related practices into business models, how sustainability is measured within the business models, or what drives the sustainability-emphasis of the fashion industry. Therefore, it is consequential to conduct a systematic review of the existing literature concerning how the fashion industry integrates sustainability into business models, if and how sustainability-related practices are measured to ensure transparency and lead to improvements, and to recognize what drives sustainability in fashion business models. 
Worst-Case Portfolio Optimization under Stochastic Interest Rate Risk. We investigate a portfolio optimization problem under the threat of a market crash, where the interest rate of the bond is modeled as a Vasicek process, which is correlated with the stock price process. We adopt a non-probabilistic worst-case approach for the height and time of the market crash. On a given time horizon [0, T ], we then maximize the investor's expected utility of terminal wealth in the worst-case crash scenario. Our main result is an explicit characterization of the worst-case optimal portfolio strategy for the class of HARA (hyperbolic absolute risk aversion) utility functions. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Sectoral Differences in the Choice of the Time Horizon during Estimation of the Unconditional Stock Beta. The stock beta coefficient literature extensively discusses the proper methods for the estimation of beta as well as its use in asset valuation. However, there are fewer references with respect to the appropriate time horizon that investors should utilize when evaluating the risk-return relationship of a stock. We examine the appropriate time horizon for beta estimation, differentiating our results by sector according to the Industry Classification Benchmark. We employ data from the NYSE and estimate varying lengths of beta employing data from 30 to 250 trading days. The constructed beta series is then examined for the presence of breaks using the endogenous structural break literature. Results show evidence against the use of betas that employ more than 90 trading days of data provisional to the sector under study. 
Risk and Financial Management The Effect of Exchange Rate Volatility on Economic Growth: Case of the CEE Countries. The exchange rate is a key macroeconomic factor that affects international trade and the real economy of each country. The development of international trade creates conditions where volatility comes with the exchange rate. The purpose of this report is to examine the effect of real effective exchange rate volatility on economic growth in the Central and Eastern European countries. Additionally, the effect, through three channels of influence on economic growth which vary on the measurement of exchange rate volatility, is examined. The study uses annual data for fourteen CEE countries for the period 2002-2018 to examine the nature and extends the impact of such movements on growth. The empirical findings using the fixed effects estimation for panel data reveal that the volatility of the exchange rate has a significant negative effect on real economic growth. The results appear robust with alternative measures of exchange rate volatility such as standard deviation and z-score. This report suggests that policymakers should adopt different policies to keep the exchange rate stable in order to foster economic growth. 
Reimagining New Socio-Technical Economics Through the Application of Distributed Ledger Technologies. Distributed ledger technology (DLT) is increasingly proposed as a powerful tool to address the social and ecological challenges in the Global South. DLTs are opening up possible futures, one of which is a wave of infrastructure decentralization with common-centric and cosmo-local production. Shared logistics and supply chains for a circular economy, with collaborative and networked "flow" accounting allow the integration of contributive logics as well as the integration of social and ecological externalities, including practical knowledge on resource use limitations linked to planetary boundaries, as an integral part of ecosystems of productive collaboration. Indeed, DLTs remove the need for central intermediaries to validate transaction between parties, who instead place their trust in the encrypted, disintermediated system software. DLTs can be designed as a new unencloseable (non-commodifiable) medium of communication, which could lead to radically new forms of cooperation, organization, and governance. Yet these revolutionary possibilities will not be realized unless technologists consciously and strategically design systems redistributing sovereignty from elites to the people in financial, service, and national infrastructures. This report concludes with a critical examination of the application of DLT in Puerto Rico and how DLTs could alter the production and exchange of "value" in service of a global popular sovereignty. 
A Study on the Cost of Production in Film Project Management: Taking Small-Budget Films in China as an Example. At present, Chinese film has been becoming industrialized with the production management system still being imperfect. Small-budget films account for the largest proportion of Chinese film output while with the problems in production management being the most, which influences the development of the entire cultural industry to a certain extent. Among them, the waste of funds caused by management problems emerges endlessly. In this article, in-depth interviews with nine veterans in the industry and multiple case studies into six small-cost film crews for practical observations are combined and the cost control problem in small-cost films is explained from the perspective of project cost elements for the first time. Four aspects of personnel expenses, material costs, equipment rental expenses and other living expenses are analyzed and discussed and the details of the cost and the hidden factors are studied to expand the application of the theoretical framework of project cost elements in this field. 
The Serendipity Theorem for an Endogenous Open Economy Growth Model Keywords. A Samuelsonian serendipity theorem for an endogenous growth model is derived. The formula for optimal population growth rate deviates from those of the model with exogenous population growth rates in a third best endogenous growth model of the Lucas type with imperfect international capital movements and human capital externalities. Calibration shows that the effect of variation of the exogenous population growth rates on other variables and the deviation of population growth rates from its optimal value are small. The reason is that labour supply, interest rates and technical change are endogenous. There is not much of an incentive for population growth policy unless Frisch parameters change with ageing. expenditure. 1 We extend the theorem to endogenous growth with endogenous labour supply, imperfect international capital movements and human capital externalities in a third-best extension of Lucas's [10] model with optimization over all future generations by Gaessler [11]. 
Parametric Characterization of an Industrial Production Technology: The Canadian Sawmilling Industry's Case. The goal of this analysis was to analyze a long-run technological progress in the Canadian sawmilling industry. Technological progress was considered as any kind of shift in the production technology estimated by total factor productivity growth (TFPG) and other parameters that complemented it. Out of six econometric models that were tested for efficacy in describing the technology, an unrestricted translog functional-form of a long-run total cost function described the technology sufficiently. The industry's TFPG averaged 2. 3% per year over the study period. Factor substitution elasticities implied that it was easy for the industry to substitute labor for capital and energy. The industry recorded increasing returns to scale and economies of scale; and technological progress was biased toward capital-using, energy-saving, and Hicks-neutral for labor and material. The multiple benefits that society derives from TFPG include: being one of the engines of economic growth, mitigation of natural capital depletion, minimization of wasteful-use of factors of production, mitigation of the adverse effects of inflation, boosting economic savings, freeing input factors to be reallocated to production of other goods and services, improvements in industrial competitiveness in the marketplace, and revealing possibilities to raise wage rates. Implications of the findings for industrial policymaking are discussed. 
Optimization of extraction of genomic DNA from archived dried blood spot (DBS): potential application in epidemiological research & bio banking [version 2; peer review: 2 approved with reservations]. Limited infrastructure is available to collect, store and Background: transport venous blood in field epidemiological studies. Dried blood spot (DBS) is a robust potential alternative sample source for epidemiological studies & bio banking. A stable source of genomic DNA (gDNA) is required for long term storage in bio bank for its downstream applications. Our objective is to optimize the methods of gDNA extraction from stored DBS and with the aim of revealing its utility in large scale epidemiological studies. 
Agriculture Recent Contributions of Agricultural Economics Research in the Field of Sustainable Development. Sustainable development is more often considered by media, public opinion, and politicians to be the main goal our society should attempt to pursue in the coming years. To this aim, academic researchers have made sustainability one of the main objects of their studies. This work focuses on environmental sustainability and presents a brief overview of how it is taken into consideration in the agricultural economics field by considering this topic from different perspectives and thus highlighting how this field is gradually broadening its scope to include sustainable development objectives. Our analysis shows that the path towards sustainable development is strongly correlated to the protection of the environment. Therefore, agricultural policies aimed at protecting and preserving the environment, and, more in general, innovation along the agri-food chain, together with consumer attention towards environmental issues, can play an important role in achieving this objective. 
A Global Optimizing Policy for Decaying Items with Ramp-Type Demand Rate under Two-Level Trade Credit Financing Taking Account of Preservation Technology. An inventory system for deteriorating items, with ramp-type demand rate, under two-level trade credit policy taking account of preservation technology is considered. The objective of this analysis is to develop a deteriorating inventory policy when the supplier provides to the retailer a permissible delay in payments, and during this credit period, the retailer accumulates the revenue and earns interest on that revenue; also the retailer invests on the preservation technology to reduce the rate of product deterioration. Shortages are allowed and partially backlogged. Sufficient conditions of the existence and uniqueness of the optimal replenishment policy are provided, and an algorithm, for its determination, is proposed. Numerical examples draw attention to the obtained results, and the sensitivity analysis of the optimal solution with respect to leading parameters of the system is carried out. 
Special Issue on Risk Management Techniques for Catastrophic and Heavy-Tailed Risks. The publication of several special issues was part of the initiatives taken in 2013 to launch Risks as a new online journal. It seemed natural to devote one to this important, concrete and complex problem of managing catastrophic and heavy tailed risks. We received an enthusiastic response last spring to the call for invited and contributed research papers and are proud of the special issue now being published. The emphasis was put on quality rather than quantity; this special issue contains three invited and two contributed research papers. 
Surface water floods in Switzerland: what insurance claim records tell us about the damage in space and time. Surface water floods (SWFs) have received increasing attention in the recent years. Nevertheless, we still know relatively little about where, when and why such floods occur and cause damage, largely due to a lack of data but to some degree also because of terminological ambiguities. Therefore, in a preparatory step, we summarize related terms and identify the need for unequivocal terminology across disciplines and international boundaries in order to bring the science together. Thereafter, we introduce a large (n = 63 117), long (10-33 years) and representative (48 % of all Swiss buildings covered) data set of spatially explicit Swiss insurance flood claims. Based on registered flood damage to buildings, the main aims of this analysis are twofold: First, we introduce a method to differentiate damage caused by SWFs and fluvial floods based on the geographical location of each damaged object in relation to flood hazard maps and the hydrological network. Second, we analyze the data with respect to their spatial and temporal distributions aimed at quantitatively answering the fundamental questions of how relevant SWF damage really is, as well as where and when it occurs in space and time. 
The present study examines how a number of market conditions may constrain entry mode choice into Middle East nations. Specifically, this report focuses on master franchising and analyzes the determining factors in this entry mode decision. A quantitative approach was applied to a sample of Spanish franchisors operating through 96 franchisee outlets across 6 Middle East countries in January 2010. They are Bahrain, Cyprus, Israel, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and United Arab Emirates. Findings show the importance of a number of host country's features (economic development, corruption, and efficiency of contract enforcement). The scant theoretical or empirical attention given to the topic of foreign entry mode choice via franchising has usually been examined from a U. S. base and focused on developed markets. To fill this gap, the present study analyzes the international spread of the Spanish franchise system-ranked fifth worldwide both in terms of the number of franchisors (1,019) and the quantity of franchisee outlets (65,026)-into the Middle East. 
Ethnicity and insurance status predict metastatic disease presentation in prostate, breast, and non-small cell lung cancer. Background: Ethnicity and insurance status have been shown to impact odds of presenting with metastatic cancer, however, the interaction of these two predictors is not well understood. We evaluate the difference in odds of presenting with metastatic disease in minorities compared to white patients despite access to the same insurance across three common cancer types. Methods: Using the National Cancer Database, a multilevel logistic regression model that estimated the odds of metastatic disease was fit, adjusting for covariates including year of diagnosis, ethnicity, insurance, income, and region. We included adults diagnosed with metastatic prostate, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and breast cancer from 2004 to 2015. Results: The study cohort consisted of 1 191 241 prostate cancer (PCa), 1 310 986 breast cancer (BCa), and 1 183 029 NSCLC patients. Private insurance was the most protective factor against metastatic presentation. Odds of presenting with metastatic disease were 0. 190 [95% CI, 0. 182-0. 198], 0. 616 [95% CI, 0. 602-0. 630], and 0. 270 [95% CI, 0. 260-0. 279] for PCa, NSCLC, and BCa compared to uninsured patients,. 
Determinants of Bank Selection: A Study of Undergraduate Students in the University of Ghana. The aim of this analysis is twofold: first, to investigate bank selection criteria among undergraduate students in the University of Ghana, and second, to relate this analysis with previous findings on the same phenomenon. Extant studies have adopted mainly quantitative approach. In order to bridge this gap and contribute to existing knowledge, qualitatively inspired research design was adopted, thus facilitating in-depth understanding of the determinants of bank selection. Findings show that convenience, bank staff-customer relations and banking services/financial benefits are the first three most important determining factors. Furthermore, happiness, joyfulness, cheerfulness and delight are feelings derived after a banking service; whiles sadness, anger and deceit are avoided. Studies on the bank selection criteria employed by undergraduates are scanty in West Africa, and this analysis makes a contribution in that direction. Future studies will continue from this one. 
Effect of Adjacent Product Price on Customer's Willingness to Pay of Focal Brand: A Bayesian Approach. Psychological researchers, while studying internal reference price, have dealt with different types of psychological effects like attraction effect and compromise effect. While studying consumer reference price and willingness to pay, marketing researchers have focused on consumers' perception about a brand by evaluating several attributes of that brand. Our research investigates the incremental effect on consumers' willingness to pay in a context where an adjacent price is present, for instance, when a medium priced brand is associated with a high price brand than a moderately high priced brand. Unlike other pricing research, this research deals with consumer's individual level heterogeneity as price sensitivity and consumers' willingness to pay for a particular brand since they vary among individual. Hierarchical Bayes methodology is used to incorporate such heterogeneity. The study shows significant difference in consumers' utility and her willingness to pay when a medium priced brand is compared with a high priced brand as against a moderately high priced brand. 
Educational Poverty as a Welfare Loss: Low Performance in the OECD According to PISA 2012 *. This report analyses the incidence and intensity of low performance among 15-year old students in the OECD countries according to PISA 2012. Taking level 2 of proficiency as the baseline competence, we approach the measurement of low performance by applying a multidimensional poverty measure that permits interpreting educational poverty as a welfare loss. We use a conventional welfare evaluation function to derive an index that combines the incidence, intensity and inequality of educational poverty. The results show that OECD countries differ in educational poverty much more than in PISA average scores and also that they present different mixes of incidence and intensity. 
Consumers' Perceptions of Sustainable Wine: An Exploratory Study in France and Italy. This analysis offers new insights into the sustainable wine market by exploring consumers' perceptions of product attributes for six categories of wine that have characteristics of sustainability and one conventional wine. The study investigates product-attribute associations that French and Italian consumers attach to sustainable wines, and whether consumers' involvement with wine and propensity towards ethically-minded behaviours affect their perceptions of sustainable wines. The research employs a cross-country analysis of France and Italy, and uses a free-choice approach to reveal consumers' perceptions. The perceptual maps highlight the different attribute dimensions associated with conventional wines and sustainable wines. Health benefits, taste, and ethics emerge as the most relevant discriminant dimensions. The study finds that consumers involved with wine demonstrate a greater ability to evaluate product-attribute associations for sustainable wines than do ethically-minded consumers who are not involved with wine. The study elaborates some practical implications of this result for wineries. In particular, the study highlights that consumers associate different characteristics and beneficial aspects with different categories of sustainable wines; this also depends on their level of involvement with wine. The results demonstrate that sustainable wine marketers should, in their marketing and communication, take into stronger consideration the level of consumer involvement with wine and the specific associations made by consumers with the sustainable wine category they want to promote. 
Investigating Ghana's Revealed Comparative Advantage in Agro-Processed Products. Export diversification through agro-processing has been a policy objective of successive governments. In the most recent policy document the processing of horticultural products including fruits has been emphasised. Using four indices of revealed comparative advantage, nine agroprocessed product groups have been identified in which Ghana has a comparative advantage. However, the share of agro-processed products in which Ghana has a comparative advantage declined over the period 2004 to 2011. We recommend that policies should be designed to encourage expansion of exports in the nine identified product groups as well as to reverse the decline in the share of agro-processed products in which Ghana has a comparative advantage. 
A Business Model Framework to Characterize Digital Multisided Platforms. Businesses grounded upon multisided platforms (MSPs) are found in a growing number of industries, thanks to the recent developments in Internet and digital technologies. Digital MSPs enable multiple interactions among users of different sides through information and communication technologies. The understanding of the characteristics and constituents of MSPs is fragmented along different literature streams. Moreover, very few empirical studies have been carried out to date. In order to fill this gap, this report presents a three-level framework that describes a digital MSP. The proposed framework is based on literature analysis and multiple case study. On the one hand, the framework can be used to describe MSP as it provides an operationalization of the concept through the identification of specific dimensions, variables and items; on the other hand, it can be used as an assessment tool by practitioners, as exemplified by the three empirical applications presented in this report. 
Leadership and Knowledge Management in an E-Government Environment. The Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award (MBNQA) is well known to assess quality and business processes in a variety of sectors, including government. In this analysis, we investigate the relationship between aspects of the MBNQA's leadership triad and knowledge management in an e-government context. Specifically, we survey 1,100 employees of a medium-sized city government in the United States to investigate the relationship between leadership triad components, leadership strategic planning, and customer/market focus, with knowledge management. Our results show that these components are significantly related to knowledge management and are important in the delivery of e-government applications to the citizenry. 
Willingness to Pay for Improved Electricity Supply in Ghana. One major problem facing Ghana is the unreliable supply of electricity. Unreliable electricity supply largely attributed to supply side constraints such as poor energy infrastructure, low tariffs which is below cost recovery and increasing demand has made it difficult to provide uninterrupted supply for the populace. Currently, there is a constant outcry by Ghanaians for the government and service providers to improve electricity service delivery due to the fact that households do suffer economic losses in the event of unannounced power outages to the point that many of them may be willing to pay higher tariffs if that will ensure improved service delivery. In this analysis we assess households' willingness to pay (WTP) for improved electricity supply as well as the factors that influence WTP through a contingent valuation survey. Results from our analysis indicated that, households in Ghana are prepared to pay on the average about c0. 2734 for a kilowatt-hour which is about one and a half times more than what they are paying currently. An econometric analysis of the factors that influence households' WTP for improved electricity supply indicates that household income, sex, household size, secondary and tertiary level education are the significant factors. 
Optimal Topology of Multilayer Urban Traffic Networks. Previous urban tra c network-based studies have been based mostly on single-layer networks. Based on their shortcomings, starting from the perspective of a multilayer urban tra c network, this report takes the di erent anticongestion abilities and network characteristics of various network structures under the condition of tra c congestion as the research object. en, a comparative experiment is performed via simulation, and the optimal multilayer urban tra c network topology is obtained under di erent conditions. It is found that these scale-free related multilayer networks have relatively strong ability to support more tra c ows and have higher anticongestion abilities, regardless of whether it is a lower-layer or upper-layer network. e research results are helpful to deepen our understanding of the characteristics of tra c network structures, help scholars further cognize the structural properties of multilayer urban tra c networks, practically help urban tra c network planners to further optimize the urban tra c network, and broaden the study of multilayer tra c networks. 
IT and Competitive Advantage: A Study from Micro Perspective. The relationship of the IT and competitive advantage is a hot research topic for a long time. Based on existing research, this report proposes an integrated procedure model of how IT impacts firm's competitive advantage. The model provides an integrated framework for the study of the relationship of the IT and competitive advantage, and can provide effective guidance for firms to use IT to obtain sustainable competitive advantage. 
Preparation of Polyimide/Graphene Oxide Nanocomposite and Its Application to Nonvolatile Resistive Memory Device. 2,6-Diaminoanthracene (AnDA)-functionalized graphene oxide (GO) (AnDA-GO) was prepared and used to synthesize a graphene oxide-based polyimide (PI-GO) by the in-situ polymerization method. A PI-GO nanocomposite thin film was prepared and characterized by infrared (IR) spectroscopy, thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) and UV-visible spectroscopy. The PI-GO film was used as a memory layer in the fabrication of a resistive random access memory (RRAM) device with aluminum (Al) top and indium tin oxide (ITO) bottom electrodes. The device showed write-once-read-many-times (WORM) characteristics with a high ON/OFF current ratio (I on /I off = 3. 41 x 10 8 ). This excellent current ratio was attributed to the high charge trapping ability of GO. In addition, the device had good endurance until the 100th cycle. These results suggest that PI-GO is an attractive candidate for applications in next generation nonvolatile memory. 
The Tourist Harassment Based on the Marketing. The marketing innovation includes not only the innovation of production quality, but also the innovation of service. According to the foreign literatures and the past solution of tourist harassment, this report emphasizes the importance of tourist harassment. "No harassment" can be a bright spot of destination marketing. The purpose of this report is to propose a new and novel solution for destination marketing in a different prospect. The situation without production innovation can be promoted by the idea of traveling with no harassment. 
A Seasonal Time-Series Model Based on Gene Expression Programming for Predicting Financial Distress. The issue of financial distress prediction plays an important and challenging research topic in the financial field. Currently, there have been many methods for predicting firm bankruptcy and financial crisis, including the artificial intelligence and the traditional statistical methods, and the past studies have shown that the prediction result of the artificial intelligence method is better than the traditional statistical method. Financial statements are quarterly reports; hence, the financial crisis of companies is seasonal time-series data, and the attribute data affecting the financial distress of companies is nonlinear and nonstationary time-series data with fluctuations. Therefore, this analysis employed the nonlinear attribute selection method to build a nonlinear financial distress prediction model: that is, this report proposed a novel seasonal time-series gene expression programming model for predicting the financial distress of companies. The proposed model has several advantages including the following: (i) the proposed model is different from the previous models lacking the concept of time series; (ii) the proposed integrated attribute selection method can find the core attributes and reduce high dimensional data; and (iii) the proposed model can generate the rules and mathematical formulas of financial distress for providing references to the investors and decision makers. The result shows that the proposed method is better than the listing classifiers under three criteria; hence, the proposed model has competitive advantages in predicting the financial distress of companies. 
Assessing the Integration of Climate Change and Development Strategies at Local Levels: Insights from Muheza District, Tanzania. Integration of climate change measures in local development planning and delivery of Climate Compatible Development (CCD) at local levels is widely advocated to assist achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals. Such integration is not straightforward, and limited knowledge on multi-level governance of CCD exists. To progress this critical enquiry, we build on the concept of Climate Policy Integration (CPI) to assess how climate change measures are integrated in local development planning. We investigate the existing institutional arrangements across local levels (village to district) and sectors, and the barriers to and opportunities for CCD within local government authorities (LGAs). Particularly, we draw on qualitative analysis of local development policy and interviews conducted with LGAs in Muheza District of Tanzania. Findings show that several barriers, including under-resourcing, unreliable information on climate impacts, and the lack of guidelines for climate-development in key national policies are hindering the process towards CCD in local development planning. This analysis suggests that building capacity both within LGAs and at the national level are required to achieve CCD at sub-national levels. Currently, measures to address climate change are mostly implemented by development partners, so coordination between LGAs and these external stakeholders is essential to ensure consistency between climate and development objectives. Finally, our findings support a flexible approach to CCD, where emphasis on each of the three components of CCD-mitigation, adaptation, and development-can vary across time and space. 
Nonexistence of Harberger-Laursen-Metzler Effect with Endogenous Time Preference in an Imperfect Capital Market. This report investigates the spending and current-account effects of a permanent terms-of-trade change in a dynamic small open economy facing an imperfect world capital market, where the households' subjective discount rate is a function of savings. Under the assumption that the bond holdings are measured in terms of home goods, it is shown that when the discount rate is a decreasing function of savings, there does not necessarily exist a stable state; however, when the discount rate is an increasing function of savings, a saddle-path stable steady state comes into existence and the Harberger-Laursen-Metzler effect does not exist unambiguously; that is, an unanticipated permanent terms-of-trade deterioration leads to a cut in aggregate expenditure and a current-account surplus. The short-run effects obtained by the technique by Judd (1985, 1987) and Zou (1997) are consistent with the results from the long-run analysis and diagrammatic analysis. 
An Analysis of the Relationship between Asian Steel Index and the Baltic Capsize Index. The Asian Steel Index (ASI) and Baltic Capsize Index (BCI)are important indices of the tramp shipping industry, where the BCI index reveals both the current tramp maritime transport fare and market status, while the ASI index is a composite index determined by the trade prices of steel. This report first reviewed the literature of ASI and BCI indices to illustrate the current composition of the ASI index, as well as the BCI index in the present tramp maritime industry. A time-series analysis was then followed to construct the optimum model of ASI and BCI indices, and the results could be used as references for the maritime industry. According to the formulation of the multivariate time series models, the optimal mode was found to be VARMA (2,4), which meant that both the ASI and BCI indices would be affected by previous two series of data and have the error correction effect of 4 series. The results of this analysis confirm that ASI and BCI indices have impacts on each other, especially for the maritime zones of the BCI index, which are consistent with the status of China, a big country with high demands for raw steel material. Furthermore, this model allows the user to discover the impact multiplier of both indices. The construction of the model is hoped to help provide a reference for academics and businesses in the shipping industry. 
Estimate on Performance Evaluation of China's Central En-terprise Listed Company Based on the EVA. Since China joined the WTO, the enterprises, especially central enterprises, have actively participated in the international competition. Assessing the results of the operations and the asset utilization has become a top priority. To provide new investment ideas for investors, this report introduces the EVA to assess the results of operation. 
Family Business Succession in Different National Contexts: A Fuzzy-Set QCA Approach. Family business succession is a key topic that has attracted considerable attention from researchers, especially in the last decade. Most research, however, is based on case studies with limited applicability and fails to present comparisons across international contexts that highlight differences in succession processes. We apply expectation states theory to analyze a sample of 128 observations in two Southern European countries, Portugal and Greece. We study configurations of successors' characteristics, family business characteristics, the existence (or absence) of a succession plan, and successors' motivation to succeed. Our aim is to reveal how these issues affect successors' perceptions of preparation for succession using fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis (fsQCA). Family businesses are a dominant organizational form all over the world, and succession issues are critical for the sustainability of family businesses. Our findings suggest that different configurations of conditions influence successors' perceptions of preparation for family business succession. Moreover, we verify the influence of cultural differences on these processes. This research helps fill a gap in the literature, showing the role of a set of characteristics in successors' perceptions of preparation for family business succession. Our conclusions provide insight into the types of policies that can promote successful family business succession. 
Research on the Logic, Dilemma and Strategy of Undertaking Industrial Transfer in Underdeveloped Areas Open Access. The economically underdeveloped regions have improved the economic efficiency by accommodating industries in economically developed regions, and have absorbed the employment of residents. This is an important path for economic transformation in economically underdeveloped regions. In economically underdeveloped areas to undertake industrial transfer, it is necessary to give play to the advantages of resource endowment in backward regions. It is necessary to realize technology introduction through industrial undertaking, and it is necessary to accelerate the cultivation of local market entities. So as to truly utilize the resource advantages, technology advantages and talent advantages brought about by industrial transfer, which is the logic for undertaking economic transfer in economically underdeveloped regions. At present, in the process of undertaking industrial transfer in economically underdeveloped areas, there are some scientific difficulties such as lack of scientific programs to undertake industries, neglect of technology introduction in industrial transfer, and low participation of local market participants. Therefore, economically underdeveloped areas should combine regional resource endowments to formulate scientific industrial undertaking plans; at the same time, backward areas must strengthen the introduction of industrial technology, attach importance to the promotion of industry, schools, and research institutes; and the level of local participation encourages local companies to participate in the transfer of industries. 
Sustainability and Corporate Governance: Transparency and Excessive Directors' Remuneration in Listed Companies during the Global Financial Crisis. This article empirically examines the connection between the board of directors' characteristics and excesses in remuneration for directors from a sustainability perspective, highlighting the role of information transparency on remuneration control. Using data from 73 listed companies in the period 2007-2012 (the global financial crisis), we find that (1) board size presents a non-linear relationship with excessive total directors' remuneration during the crisis period; (2) other board characteristics (board independence, duality and directors' ownership) do not show a significant relationship with excessive directors'remuneration; and (3) voluntary transparency on directors' remuneration significantly contributes to controlling excessive total directors' remuneration, which contributes to the long-term sustainability of the firm. The results of this analysis provide good reasons to take into account the effect of corporate governance characteristics and transparency on the remuneration excesses committed during the global financial crisis. 
Measuring E-Service Quality and Customer Satisfaction with Internet Banking in India. The objective of this analysis is to measure the e-service quality of internet banking and the relationship with customer satisfaction in India. This analysis aims to explore the critical factors of e-service quality of internet banking in India and to measure the customers' satisfaction of internet banking on the identified e-service quality dimensions. A survey method was carried out to acquire data from 650 respondents from India. Exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis was used to identify the dimensions of internet banking. Multiple Regression Analysis was used to test the relationship with e-service quality dimensions and customer satisfaction of internet banking. The study uncovered three factors of e-service quality, namely, "Responsiveness," "Efficiency," and "Perceived Credibility". "Responsiveness" found to be the most significant predictor of the e-service quality of internet banking. The study also found that there is a positive relationship exists between e-service quality dimensions and customer satisfaction of internet banking. These findings can be used by banks to improve the service quality of their internet banking service and thereby to satisfy their customers. The findings open up many business opportunities to India as well as other Asian countries. The digital payments industry can concentrate on improving the security of the payment systems, gateways, and payment networks. Advanced technologies can be developed to improve the digital payment systems which offer many business opportunities for creating computers, smartphones, and innovation in internet and security software. The study findings can be used by banks to improve the service quality of internet banking and attract more customers towards using this service. The improvement in service quality comprising of responsiveness, efficiency, and perceived credibility automatically leads to the customer satisfaction of internet banking services, which gives competitive advantages to the banks. This analysis is an attempt to cover both urban and rural population of India to understand the digital mindset by studying the quality perception of internet banking channel. 
A Tarefa e o Escopo da Ciencia da Acao Humana -Parte II: O Escopo e Significado de um Sistema de Teoremas A Priori * Ludwig von Mises ** The Task and the Scope of the Science of Human Action -Part II: The Scope and Meaning of the System of A Priori Theorems. Resumo: O autor examina os objetivos e o metodo apropriado para desenvolver investigacoes no campo das ciencias sociais, discutindo a origem dessas ciencias e percorrendo com particular atencao os campos da Economia e da Sociologia. Elaborando um posicionamento critico tanto ao historicismo quanto ao empirismo, o autor argui em favor de uma ciencia universal -a praxiologia, ou a ciencia da acao humana. 
Optimal Variational Portfolios with Inflation Protection Strategy and Efficient Frontier of Expected Value of Wealth for a Defined Contributory Pension Scheme. This report examines optimal variational Merton portfolios (OVMP) with inflation protection strategy for a defined contribution (DC) Pension scheme. The mean and variance of the expected value of wealth for a pension plan member (PPM) are also considered in this report. The financial market is composed of a cash account, inflation-linked bond and stock. The effective salary of the plan member is assumed to be stochastic. It was assumed that the growth rate of PPM's salary depends on some macroeconomic factors over time. The present value of PPM's future contribution was obtained. The sensitivity analysis of the present value of the contribution was established. The OVMP processes with inter-temporal hedging terms and inflation protection that offset any shocks to the stochastic salary of a PPM were established. The expected values of PPM's terminal wealth, variance and efficient frontier of the three classes of assets are obtained. The efficient frontier was found to be nonlinear and parabolic in shape. In this report, we allow the stock price to be correlated to inflation risk index, and the effective salary of the PPM is correlated to inflation and stock risks. This will enable PPMs to determine extents of the stock market returns and risks, which can influence their contributions to the scheme. 
Az elektronikus kereskedelem a turizmusban. A globalizacio az infokommunikacios eszkozok reven is feltartoztathatatlanul halad elore. Ugyanakkor fontos feladat, hogy ekozben megovjuk es erositsuk nemzeti ontudatunkat, onmegbecsulesunket. Az infokommunikacios eszkozoket is felhasznalva egyfelol bekapcsolodunk, integralodunk az egyesulo tokes vilaggazdasagba, masfelol tudatos politikaval mindent meg kell tennunk, hogy megorizzuk nemzeti ertekeinket, sajatossagainkat. 
Success through Trust, Control, and Learning? Contrasting the Drivers of SME Performance between Different Modes of Foreign Market Entry. Globalization and international competition have driven a large number of small-and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to enter foreign markets. However, current knowledge on which factors determine SMEs' foreign market performance and secure their success is limited. Using empirical data on 280 German SMEs' activities in Arab markets, we contrast the performance effect of trust with those of control and learning (three of the most prominently studied success factors) across three different structural modes of market entry: non-equity entry, cooperative entry, and wholly-owned subsidiaries. Our results reveal marked differences between the three entry modes and we offer a detailed discussion of the underlying structural and cultural reasons. Consequently, this analysis allows for a comprehensive understanding of the determinants of SMEs' foreign market performance and provides relevant advice as to which managerial approach to emphasize for which mode of foreign market entry. 
Open Journal of Business and Management Research on the Effect of 4C + 2S to Customer Perceived Value in Scene Marketing of Clothing Industry in China. The article has made a research on the effect of 4C + 2S to customer perceived value in scene marketing of clothing industry in China, according to customer perceived value and 4C marketing theory. First of all, tease out the four dimensions of customer perceived value through the literatures. Then build the conceptual model, put forward relevant hypotheses and with "offline experience, online order" mode as the research object, design scale to verify the hypothesis. Then, analyze data by SPSS19 and AMOS 22. The research results show that customer value, communication and streaming data have significant influence on customer perceived value. The second is convenient. Finally, put forward the suggestions to improve the effect of scene marketing for online clothing brands. 
Analysis of the Dependence of Stock Risk Based on Copula Theory. The rapid development of the economy emphasizes the importance of financial risk. Financial risk analysis can help people understand finance more deeply and reduce the loss of profits. This report is about the dependence on stocks, which is very important for analyzing the dependence structure of stock market and the portfolio risk of investment market. The experimental data are the daily closing price data of shares of Midea Group and Gree Electric. Copula theory is used to fit the daily return data of Gree Electric and Midea Group. By establishing the correlation structure model of the stock market, the daily return data of Gree Electric and Midea Group are better simulated. 
The Economics of Residential Solar Panel Installations for Customers on Tiered Rate Plans. This case study uses data from a Southern California Edison residential customer on a grandfathered tiered rate plan to investigate 1) whether it was economically beneficial for the customer to have installed solar panels, and 2) what level of usage offset (the percentage of the customer's annual electricity consumption that is provided by the solar panels) would have resulted in the maximum financial return for the customer. We find that solar panels are an excellent investment for this customer, and that the ideal usage offset for this customer (and others on the tiered rate plans) is 100%. That is, the savings are maximized when the solar panels produce 100% of the customers' annual electricity consumption. 
Analysis and Research on Operating Mode of Voice Platform Based on Knowledge Payment. In order to fully understand the current operating mode of the voice-based knowledge payment platform to discuss the future development trend of the voice-based knowledge payment, a preliminary analysis of the current mature knowledge payment platform operation mode in China is conducted through case analysis, comparative analysis, literature analysis, observation method, and other methods combined with Newcomb A-B-X balance model and Maletsk's "CMR" model, thereby providing reasonable suggestions for the development of a voice knowledge payment platform. The results show that as a new knowledge dissemination model, the new knowledge payment-based voice platform has specific innovations in terms of content production and communication structure. Its primary operation mode is to obtain the continuous consumption of users through the improvement of the three aspects of product quality and payment, mode, and traffic import. In summary, knowledge payment has changed the traditional way and ability to acquire knowledge, opened new ways to acquire knowledge, and provided new choices for users to learn knowledge. In the future, the development of the demand for knowledge payment is inseparable from the renewal of new technologies and the improvement of services. Paying attention to tail content, strengthening sociality and introducing new technologies are particularly important for the development of the platform. The trinity of content, social interaction and scenario also contribute to the healthy development of knowledge payment market. 
Research on the Dynamic Mechanism of Urban Agglomeration Integration in Bay Area of Guangdong, Hongkong and Macao under Globalization. Since the globalization of the economy, the economic factors have spread spatially on a global scale, which has greatly promoted and upgraded the urban agglomeration economy. The industry continues to gather and spread, and promotes the strengthening of division of labor, exchanges, cooperation and competition within the region. With the acceleration of regional urbanization and the deepening of economic exchanges between core cities in the urban agglomeration, effective integration, clear division of labor in cities and complementary advantages must be taken to reduce the constraints of imperfect mechanisms on overall development, avoid internal competition and enhance overall competitiveness, through which we can achieve common prosperity. The urban agglomerations of Bay Area of Guangdong, Hongkong and Macao are facing increasing competitive pressures under the trend of economic globalization and regional economic integration. Meanwhile, integration will provide new opportunities. This report explains the urban competitiveness and integration dynamics of the urban agglomerations of Guangdong, Hongkong and Macao, and puts forward relevant suggestions on the integration of urban agglomerations, hoping to be inspired. 
Observer-Based Robust Control for Spacecraft Rendezvous with Thrust Saturation. This report proposes an observer-based robust guaranteed cost control method for thrust-limited rendezvous in near-circular orbits. Treating the noncircularity of the target orbit as a parametric uncertainty, a linearized motion model derived from the two-body problem is adopted as the controlled plant. Based on this model, a robust guaranteed cost observer-controller is synthesized with a less conservative saturation control law, and sufficient condition for the existence of this observer-based rendezvous controller is derived. Finally, an illustrative example with immeasurable velocity states is presented to demonstrate the advantages and effectiveness of the control scheme. 
CBU INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INNOVATIONS IN SCIENCE THE ROLE OF STUDENT LOANS SUBSIDIZED BY THE STATE IN THE SLOVAK BANKING SECTOR. The aim of this report is to analyse student loans subsidized by the state in Slovakia and their role in the Slovak banking sector. There has been a slight increase in the Slovak banking market, especially the share of small and mediumsized banks. Student loans ensure equal educational opportunities for all students. Four years of a student loan provision in Slovakia can be briefly characterised as a socially oriented approach. The Slovak government, the founding owner of the Education Support Fund, has implemented numerous changes concerning the clients in the borrowing as well as in the repayment phase. The empirical analysis in this report consists of the descriptive statistics focused on the Slovak student loan market and the financial analysis of the banking sector providing student loans in Slovakia. The most significant finding that emerged from our analysis is to provide every student enrolled in higher education with the information on accessible student loans with a low interest rates. The achieved results prove the decreasing role of student loans subsidized by the state within the Slovak banking market. However, the profitability of the Education Support Fund was significantly higher than the figure achieved by the Slovak banking sector in 2017. JEL Classification Numbers: G10, G21, H59; DOI: http://dx. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Herding in Smart-Beta Investment Products. We highlight herding of investors as one major risk factor that is typically ignored in statistical approaches to portfolio modelling and risk management. Our survey focuses on smart-beta investing where such methods and investor herding seem particularly relevant but its negative effects have not yet come to the fore. We point out promising and novel approaches of modelling herding risk which merit empirical analysis. This financial economists' perspective supplements the vast statistical exploration of implementing factor strategies. 
A Threshold Type Policy for Trading a Mean-Reverting Asset with Fixed Transaction Costs. A mean-reverting model is often used to capture asset price movements fluctuating around its equilibrium. A common strategy trading such mean-reverting asset is to buy low and sell high. However, determining these key levels in practice is extremely challenging. In this report, we study the optimal trading of such mean-reverting asset with a fixed transaction (commission and slippage) cost. In particular, we focus on a threshold type policy and develop a method that is easy to implement in practice. We formulate the optimal trading problem in terms of a sequence of optimal stopping times. We follow a dynamic programming approach and obtain the value functions by solving the associated HJB equations. The optimal threshold levels can be found by solving a set of quasi-algebraic equations. In addition, a verification theorem is provided together with sufficient conditions. Finally, a numerical example is given to illustrate our results. We note that a complete treatment of this problem was done recently by Leung and associates. Nevertheless, our work was done independently and focuses more on developing necessary optimality conditions. 
Local Energy Communities and Distributed Generation: Contrasting Perspectives, and Inevitable Policy Trade-Offs, beyond the Apparent Global Consensus. Although a certain degree of consensus seems to pervade the ideas of "distributed energy systems" and "energy communities", in truth, diverse views are involved. This article aims to shed light on the variety of interpretations of these two concepts. In particular, the article critically considers the answers to the following four questions: What exactly is meant by "distributed" in the expression "distributed energy generation"? Why is distributed generation (ethically) desirable? Why should people consider it a positive idea that "communities"-and not individuals or families-are invited to manage distributed generation systems? Lastly, can energy communities be considered different from standard state intervention and from market systems? Clearly defining these questions helps in emphasising crucial differences, and it is an important step toward achieving a critical understanding. The conclusion is that there is no single interpretation for either the idea of distributed energy or that of energy communities. Shifting emphasis from one feature to another can drastically affect what policies are required to foster the creation of such communities and of a distributed energy production scenario. EU recognises that "local energy communities can be an efficient way of managing energy at a local community level by consuming the electricity they generate either directly for power or for (district) heating and cooling, with or without a connection to distribution systems" [8] (p. 4). The EU also recognises that legislative, more than technical, barriers currently limit their operation: "To ensure that such initiatives can freely develop, the new market design requires Member States to put in place appropriate legal frameworks to enable their activities" [8] (p. 4). 
Financial Studies A Quantitative Model Supporting Socially Responsible Public Investment Decisions for Sustainable Tourism +. The purpose of this article is to develop a quantitative model that supports policy makers in the tourism sector in making socially responsible investment decisions. In particular, this report proposes a methodological approach to assess the impact of strategic decisions at the policy level, in the field of tourism, from an economic, environmental and social point of view. The Calabria region, in Italy, has been chosen as a real-world case study. Based on historical data, the study identifies the main levers that influence tourism-related dynamics in Calabria. A quantitative forecasting model to support future investment decisions for sustainable tourism has then been developed. This problem is modeled through a multi-criteria optimization framework. To initialize such a framework, a non-linear autoregressive network with exogenous inputs (NARX) has been used. The proposed model is a flexible instrument to evaluate public investment policies in the field of tourism from the point of view of sustainability and social responsibility. 
The Moderation Effects of Perceptions of Organizational Politics on the Relationship between Work Stress and Turnover Intention: An Empirical Study about Civilian in Skeleton Government of China*. It is disastrous for organization that valued employee leave their jobs. Many researches have found that work stress is consistently and strongly related to intentions to turnover. Therefore, studying buffers of the stress-turnover intention relationship is important. This report examines the situational variables such as perceptions of organizational politics, as moderators of the stress-turnover relationship. An investigation from 304 employees in Chinese skeleton government found that: lower levels of perceived politics will minimize turnover intentions resulted from work stress. These findings are helpful to understand the unique relationships between these variables and provide specific information for managers to retain valued employees. 
Nexus between social capital and performance of micro and small firms in an emerging economy: The mediating role of innovation ABOUT THE AUTHOR. The purpose of this analysis was to examine the relationship among social capital, innovation, and performance of micro and small businesses (MSBs) in emerging economies using data from a sub-Saharan African Country-Ghana. Specifically, the study sought to examine the mediating role of innovation in the relationship between social capital and performance. The study relied on a survey design and a cross-sectional data collected with the aid of questionnaire from 500 MSBs operating in the Ashanti Region of Ghana. The scales and measures of the study were validated using confirmatory factory analysis in LISREL 8. 50, while the study's proposed model was estimated using ordinary least square regression analysis in SPSS 20. The following results were obtained: (1) social capital positively influenced performance, (2) there is positive relationship between innovation and performance, (3) social capital has a positive effect on innovation, and (4) innovation was observed to partially mediate the relationship between social capital and performance. The results indicate the important role social capital and innovation play in the success of MSBs in emerging economies and the fact that managers and owners of such businesses need to pay attention to these concepts and use them to their advantage. 
The Effectiveness of Anti-Corruption: A Comparative Study between the Ming Dynasty's Touring Censorial Inspectors and the Current Central Leading Group for Inspection Work Keywords Ming Dynasty's Touring Censorial Inspectors, The Central Leading Group for Inspection Work, Effectiveness of Anti-Corruption, Comparative Study, Authorization-Agency Mechanism. Since the 18th CPC National Congress, China has cracked down hard on corruption. Among all the efforts, the Central Leading Group for Inspection Work has made the most contribution. As some people consider the Ming Dynasty's Touring Censorial Inspectors as "China's Ancient Central Leading Group for Inspection Work", it is not difficult to find out certain similarity existing between these two kinds of anti-corruption mechanisms that have both made certain accomplishments. If boiled down to their nature, both the Central Leading Group for Inspection Work and the Touring Censorial Inspector System reflect the authorization-agency mechanism, which is plagued with asymmetric information and other problems. By comparing the Ming Dynasty's Touring Censorial Inspectors, i. e. a typical example of the ancient inspection system, and the Central Leading Group for Inspection Work-the main anti-corruption body since the 18th CPC National Congress, lessons from the ancient practices can be drawn for today's reference, which are both conducive to providing theoretical basis for advancing China's current anti-corruption tasks and promoting the anti-corruption effectiveness and offer suggestions to enhance anti-corruption progress in China. 
An Empirical Study on the Non-Linear Relationship between the Performance of Funds and the Cash Flows of Funds. This article takes 152 open-ended stock funds and partial stock funds established before the second quarter of 2015 as samples. Using the regression model of the non-balanced panel data fixed-effect model, this report discussed the specific impact of the historical performance and other influencing factors on the purchase and redemption of investors from the first quarter of 2013 to the second quarter of 2017. And the nonlinear relationship between fund performance and capital flow is investigated by piecewise linear regression. The empirical results reveal that the fund's lagging quarterly performance has a positive impact on the funds flow in the next quarter. Investors generally chase performance rather than "reverse selection", and find that the relationship between historical performance and capital flow is non-linear. The fund flow has different sensitivity to outstanding performance fund, medium performance fund and poor performance fund. Fund flow is most sensitive to outstanding performance funds, followed by the medium performance fund, and insensitive to the poor performance funds. Finally, this report uses the theory of "principal-agent" to analyze the results, and puts forward suggestions to improve the performance incentive mechanism of China's fund market. 
External Shocks, Trade Margins, and Macroeconomic Dynamics. This report studies the role of the exchange rate regime for trade of new products. It first provides VAR evidence that a rise in external productivity shifts trade away from new products and more so in fixed regimes. Then, it presents a model with firm dynamics in line with this evidence. We argue that exchange rate policy can affect firms' entry decisions with consequences for the competitiveness of a country's exports well beyond the short run. In our setup, fixed exchange rates can foster the competitiveness of firms that trade new products, while flexible rates favor firms that produce mature products. 
Bigger Is Better? An Empirical Analysis of Urban Compactness and Spatial Autocor-relation in Guangdong Province. In the process of rapid urbanization in China, the problems caused by urban sprawl are becoming increasingly serious. Guangdong province's GDP ranked first for 29 years in China. Its spatial and temporal characteristics of urban compactness are exceedingly typical. This report uses catastrophe progression method to calculate the urban compactness of 21 prefecture level cities in Guangdong province from 2000 to 2015, then carries out the spatial analysis. The findings of this analysis indicate that 1) with the core of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao Bay Area, fan-shaped diffusion of city compactness and spatial distribution pattern is formed. 2) The average city compactness of Guangdong province has changed little from 2000 to 2015 which fluctuates in the range of 0. 75 -0. 80. And the urban compactness of Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Dongguan is the top three stably. 3) The Global Moran's I in Guangdong changed from -0. 3315 to 0. 4102; namely, the spatial autocorrelation of urban compactness changed from dispersion into agglomeration in 16 years. 4) The spatial difference of urban compactness in Guangdong is mainly affected by polarization effect, diffusion effect and return effect. After analysis, we suggest that Guangdong province should focus on the development of intercity rail transportation in order to consolidate the mutual relationship within the urban agglomeration of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. In the meantime, it's supposed to promote the process of Three Old Transformation in the low gradient city. These findings may have implications regarding the improvement of urban compactness and efficiency. 
High Frequency Price Change Spillovers in Bitcoin Markets. The study of connectedness is key to assess spillover effects and identify lead-lag relationships among market exchanges trading the same asset. By means of an extension of Diebold and Yilmaz (2012) econometric connectedness measures, we examined the relationships of five major Bitcoin exchange platforms during two periods of main interest: the 2017 surge in prices and the 2018 decline. We concluded that Bitfinex and Gemini are leading exchanges in terms of return spillover transmission during the analyzed time-frame, while Bittrexs act as a follower. We also found that connectedness of overall returns fell substantially right before the Bitcoin price hype, whereas it leveled out during the period the down market period. We confirmed that the results are robust with regards to the modeling strategies. 
Nurses as change agents for a better future in health care: the politics of drift and dilution. This report takes the 70th Anniversary of the National Health Service (NHS) in the United Kingdom as an opportunity to reflect upon the strategic direction of nursing policy and the extent to which nurses can realise their potential as change agents in building a better future for health care. It argues that the policy trajectory set for nursing at the outset of the NHS continues to influence its strategic direction, and that the trajectory needs to be reset with the voices of nurses being more engaged in the design, as much as the delivery of health policy. There is a growing evidence base about the benefits for patients and nurses of deploying well-educated nurses at the top of their skill set, to provide needed care for patients in adequately staffed and resourced units, as well as the value that nurses contribute to decision-making in clinical care. Yet much of this evidence is not being implemented. On the contrary, some of it is being ignored. Policy remains fragmented, driven by short-term financial constraints and underinvestment in high quality care. Nurses need to make their voices heard, and use the evidence base to change the dialogue with the public, policy makers and politicians, in order to build a better future for health care. 
What Supported the Growth of China's Air Transport Industry from 1955 to 2011?. China's civil aviation industry experienced an average annual growth rate of over 16% for traffic turnover during 1955-2011. It is important to identify the role of capital and labor inputs as well as total factor productivity (TFP) in China's civil aviation industry during this period of time. First, the inputs of capital stock and labor as well as the output of traffic turnover in China's air transport industry are measured. Next, the constrained E-G two-stage estimation of the CD production function is used to calculate the capital and labor elasticities and TFP, which provides the necessary basis for the estimation of the growth sources in China's air transport industry from 1955 to 2011. The results show that the growth of China's civil aviation industry has depended on the capital factor input and that TFP has played an increasingly important role. Furthermore, the results also indicate that private sources have been crucial for improving the TFP after the 2002 reform. 
Unified Payment Interface-An Advancement in Payment Systems. This report studies Unified Payment Interface (UPI), a new age payment system introduced in India by National Payment Corporation of India. Unified Payment Interface is a mobile centric, real time interbank payment system which has the potential to transform and universalize digital payments in India. The paper traces the evolution of payments systems in India and examines in detail the technology behind Unified Payment Interface focusing on its architecture and security systems through empirical and theoretical literature review. UPI is a significant advancement as compared to extant payment system in terms of cost, ease of use for consumers, settlement times and security and has witnessed good user adoption. Its modular API based architecture will enable development of innovative solutions for consumers and businesses. UPI is currently in its infancy stage and development of merchant centric UPI solutions will greatly increase the user adoption. UPI can help bring a large part of the population within the ambit of digital economy and can be a great tool for financial inclusion in India. 
Crop Insurance Based on Satellite Remote Sensing: Case of Migori County, Kenya. Crop insurance, though clearly needed, has not taken root in Kenyan agriculture, and what little exists is indemnity based, meaning that a farmer is compensated only based on assessed crop damage or harvest shortfall. This is often cumbersome and expensive for the average subsistence farmer. A better approach is to use index based insurance, whereby an agreed index is computed and the farmer is compensated or not compensated depending on its value. Remote sensing technology, which is now widely available globally, provides such an index, the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), which is an acknowledged indicator of crop health at different stages of crop growth. This report reports on a study carried out in mid-2019 to investigate the possibility of applying remote sensing in this way to enable crop insurance for maize farmers in Migori County, Kenya. Sentinel 2 imagery from May 2017 (taken as the insurance year) was acquired, classified and NDVI generated over the study area. An 8 Km x 8 Km grid was overlaid and average NDVI computed per such grid cell. Similar imagery for May 2016 was acquired and similarly processed to provide reference NDVI averages. For any grid cell then, if A p be the insurance year NDVI and A r the reference NDVI, the insurance index was computed as (A p -A r ), and farmer compensation would be triggered if this value was negative. Results show that out of about 85 small holder farms in the study area, 30 would have qualified for such compensations. These results are recommended for further refining and pilot testing in the study area and similar maize growing areas. 
Designing a Strategic Model to Adapt Lean Production System for Toyota Company of Higher Education in Iraq and Measuring Its Impact on University Learning. The idea of the current research is based on the possibility of developing the quality of the higher education environment by adapting the concern of "value-oriented production" which depends on removing activities that hinder the teaching, student and administrative performance in Iraqi universities. 
Equality-Minded Treatment Choice Equality-Minded Treatment Choice. The goal of many randomized experiments and quasi-experimental studies in economics is to inform policies that aim to raise incomes and reduce economic inequality. A policy maximizing the sum of individual incomes may not be desirable if it magnifies economic inequality and post-treatment redistribution of income is infeasible. This article develops a method to estimate the optimal treatment assignment policy based on observable individual covariates when the policy objective is to maximize an equality-minded rank-dependent social welfare function, which puts higher weight on individuals with lowerranked outcomes. We estimate the optimal policy by maximizing a sample analog of the rank-dependent welfare over a properly constrained set of policies. We show that the average social welfare attained by our estimated policy converges to the maximal attainable welfare at n -1/2 rate uniformly over a large class of data distributions when the propensity score is known. We also show that this rate is minimax optimal. We provide an application of our method using the data from the National JTPA Study. Supplementary materials for this article are available online. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Debt Origin and Investment Efficiency from Korea. This analysis empirically analyzes the effect of debt origin on investment efficiency. According to previous studies that report that the quality of financial reporting may vary depending on the origin of the debt, the empirical analysis predicted that the effects of the origin of the debt on investment efficiency would be differential. Debt origin was divided into private and public debt. The analysis results of this analysis are as follows. First, there is a significant negative relationship between the private debt and investment efficiency, while there is a significant positive relationship between public debt and investment efficiency. This means that capital gains under public debt may be more profitable to managers by improving the quality of their accounting information than those under private debt. This is in line with the previous research which found that, when financing with public debt, the earnings management is reduced and accounting transparency is high. This analysis focuses on the origin of debt as a determinant of investment efficiency and analyzes the level of investment efficiency according to the origin of debt. We examine the sustainability of firms from the perspective of investment efficiency, such as raising capital and selecting optimal investment options. The results of this analysis suggest that the level of incentives and investment efficiency of managers may be differentiated depending on the origin of the debt. 
Evaluation of Past Investment in Urban Public Transportation Keywords. Mobility is a major concern in cities all over the world. Population and density increase makes urban mobility more complex to plan and budget. Decision makers have to choose which transport projects to build and how much budget to allocate to different types of investments. Cities vary by many characteristics (size, density, etc. ), and different cities have adopted different transport solutions. Some cities invested more in road networks while others invested more in public transport (PT) networks. Questions regarding the amount invested in urban public transport and urban roads and the right balance between these investments, taking into account the urban characteristics and the residents' preferences, has received less attention in the literature. In this research, we focused on urban public transport investments in various cities and examine the relationship between public transport and road network investments, speed, GDP, and modal split. The results showed that in developed cities, the current investment in public transport contributes to PT usage and increases PT share. Public transport reserved routes (as an indicator for PT inventory or past investments), jobs proportion in the Central Business District(CBD), and public transport supply were also found to have a positive effect on PT modal split, while motorization level was found to have a negative impact on PT usage as expected. The analysis showed that cities invested on average 7 -8 thousand US dollars per capita in the public transport infrastructure, accounting for about 50% of the total transport budget. Cities with more developed public transport system invested about 15 thousand US dollars per capita, and allocated 65% of the budget to public transport. These cities manage to maintain the average public transport speed in the range of 30 km/h (on average a 1. 3 km/h improvement in the public transport average speed for every 1000 dollar investment per capita). The investments in cities with developed public transport systems generated time benefits that covered on average 0. 6 -0. 7 of the investment. Some cities have B/C ratios higher than 1. 0, demonstrating that the time benefits predicted by the model covered the investment. 
Research on the Development Path of Integrated Innovation between Tourism and Cultural Creative Industry-Taking Changzhou Eco-Cultural Tourism Area as an Example. With the improvement and promotion of people's living standards, the rapid development of cultural creative industry and the increase of tourism demand, cultural creative tourism has become a new type of industry, and the integration of tourism and cultural creative industry has become an inevitable trend. Based on the analysis of the current situation of tourism development and the integration development of tourism and cultural creative industry in Changzhou, this report finds that there are some problems in tourist areas, such as insufficient embodiment of cultural creative elements, not prominent characteristics of tourism and cultural creative integration etc. ; therefore it puts forward the path of integration and innovation between tourism and cultural creative industry in Changzhou eco-cultural tourism area. That is, optimizing the spatial pattern and perfecting the functional zoning, reshaping the old scenery around the core theme, developing the characteristic resources and building the flagship project, creating the creative environment and encouraging the innovation and entrepreneurship. At present, from the aspects of planning, facilities and services, the integrated development atmosphere of Changzhou island cultural creative tourism is insufficient. First of all, from the master plan of Changzhou island, the trend of cultural creative tourism integration and development is not obvious. Changzhou island tourism development mainly relies on the old site of Huangpu Military Academy and other military cultural themes, for cultural creativity and other emerging elements into the tourism development is insufficient thinking, long-term M. Zhang. 
MODERN TRENDS OF DEVELOPMENT OF ELECTRONIC TRADE IN THE CONDITIONS OF DIGITAL ECONOMY. E-commerce is rapidly gaining popularity and is a dynamically developing industry in the global economy. With the help of information technologies, Internet companies are open to opportunities to develop new markets, providing the Internet consumer with great potential for product research. For the further effective development of commercial activity, an important condition is fulfilling the need to assess the main trends and changes in the development of electronic commerce. The purpose of the study is to analyze the development and current state of electronic commerce in the world, as well as develop methods and recommendations for participants in foreign economic activity doing business through the Internet in the interests of expanding companies and increasing the efficiency of their activities. Results. A study of the basic principles of electronic commerce and the factors affecting it. E-commerce systems are presented that enable buyers not only to interact with the seller, but also to receive the most complete information about the goods sold and the services provided. Using the results of the analysis, the state and main trends in the development of electronic commerce are determined. A system of indicators has been supplemented to assess the level of development of international electronic commerce. 
Disclosure of Disability by University Students: Development of a Study Protocol. Within the life course of a person with disability, higher education represents an important step, and the disclosure of a disability is one of the first and most important choices that the person with disability has to take. Based on a review of the literature, it is described how a research protocol for investigating the effects of Self Efficacy and Metacognition on the Disclosure of Disability by university students is developed. These data would provide information concerning the predictive effects of the metacognitive skills, social support and self-efficacy on the attitudes towards the disclosure of a disability. 
Technoeconomic and Policy Analysis for Corn Stover Biofuels. Conventional fossil fuels dominate the marketplace, and their prices are a direct competitor for drop-in biofuels. This report examines the impact of fuel selling price uncertainty on investment risk in a fast pyrolysis derived biofuel production facility. Production cost specifications are gathered from previous research. Monte Carlo analysis is employed with uncertainty in fuel selling price, biomass cost, bio-oil yield, and hydrogen price parameters. Experiments reveal that fuel price has a large impact on investment risk. A reverse auction would shift risk from the private sector to the public sector and is shown to be more effective at encouraging private investment than capital subsidies for the same expected public cost. 
A Simple Approach for Monitoring Business Service Time Variation. Control charts are effective tools for signal detection in both manufacturing processes and service processes. Much of the data in service industries comes from processes having nonnormal or unknown distributions. The commonly used Shewhart variable control charts, which depend heavily on the normality assumption, are not appropriately used here. In this report, we propose a new asymmetric EWMA variance chart (EWMA-AV chart) and an asymmetric EWMA mean chart (EWMA-AM chart) based on two simple statistics to monitor process variance and mean shifts simultaneously. Further, we explore the sampling properties of the new monitoring statistics and calculate the average run lengths when using both the EWMA-AV chart and the EWMA-AM chart. The performance of the EWMA-AV and EWMA-AM charts and that of some existing variance and mean charts are compared. A numerical example involving nonnormal service times from the service system of a bank branch in Taiwan is used to illustrate the applications of the EWMA-AV and EWMA-AM charts and to compare them with the existing variance (or standard deviation) and mean charts. The proposed EWMA-AV chart and EWMA-AM charts show superior detection performance compared to the existing variance and mean charts. The EWMA-AV chart and EWMA-AM chart are thus recommended. 
TENNESSEE BEEF PRODUCERS' WILLINGNESS TO PARTICIPATE IN A STATE-BRANDED BEEF PROGRAM. Tennessee cattle producer willingness to participate in a hypothetical Tennessee Branded Beef Program (TBBP) was examined using 2016 survey data. Willingness to participate in the TBBP was modeled using a probit model. Among those willing to participate, a Tobit model was used to estimate the pounds of live-weight beef producers were willing to supply into a TBBP. Age, production practices, and risk attitudes influenced willingness to participate. Among those willing to participate, projected TBBP supply per farm averaged 32,329 pounds and was influenced by on-farm animal units, production practices, perceived barriers, risk attitudes, and consequentiality beliefs. 
Research on Rural Land Right Confirmation from the Perspective of Campaign-Style Governance. This report focuses on the implementation effect of the rural land right confirmation work carried out in China since 2013. It discusses the imbalance and good governance in the rural land right confirmation work through the review of this policy agenda. The author adopts the grounded theory research method based on interviews and literature research to find out the unbalanced points and interest conflicts of each subject in the policy agenda, focusing on Shanxi Province, which has a high proportion of traditional agriculture. This land right verification work has significant movement type governance characteristics, driven by the central, within five years to complete a nationwide land management work. Behind its high timeliness and predetermined target is a series of games from policy entrusting parties, intermediate contractors and grass-roots agents. The three forces interact and reconstruct. Task transmission becomes the main line of activities and task objectives are constantly overhead. The implementation of policy objectives is challenged. Based on this, this analysis proposes to improve the top-level design to avoid imbalance in sports governance. To achieve good governance through long-term planning. It provides reference for understanding the deficiency of the implementation of the policy agenda and the defect of the movement governance. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Bitcoin Network Mechanics: Forecasting the BTC Closing Price Using Vector Auto-Regression Models Based on Endogenous and Exogenous Feature Variables. The Bitcoin (BTC) market presents itself as a new unique medium currency, and it is often hailed as the "currency of the future". Simulating the BTC market in the price discovery process presents a unique set of market mechanics. The supply of BTC is determined by the number of miners and available BTC and by scripting algorithms for blockchain hashing, while both speculators and investors determine demand. One major question then is to understand how BTC is valued and how different factors influence it. In this report, the BTC market mechanics are broken down using vector autoregression (VAR) and Bayesian vector autoregression (BVAR) prediction models. The models proved to be very useful in simulating past BTC prices using a feature set of exogenous variables. The VAR model allows the analysis of individual factors of influence. This analysis contributes to an in-depth understanding of what drives BTC, and it can be useful to numerous stakeholders. This report's primary motivation is to capitalize on market movement and identify the significant price drivers, including stakeholders impacted, effects of time, as well as supply, demand, and other characteristics. The two VAR and BVAR models are compared with some state-of-the-art forecasting models over two time periods. Experimental results show that the vector-autoregression-based models achieved better performance compared to the traditional autoregression models and the Bayesian regression models. 
The Timing of Presidential Scandals: The Role of Economics, Divided Government and the Media. The political consequences of presidential scandals have received a great deal of attention in both the media and scholarly work. The role of the media and the impact of presidential approval are some the most common topics. In this analysis, we develop models that predict the type of political environment that is most likely to produce a scandal. The findings link the occurrence of presidential scandals with the performance of the economy and the presence of divided government. A strong economy creates favorable conditions for scandals. Divided government is shown to be an almost necessary condition for a presidential scandal to occur. 
Difference on Capital Allocation and Operating Performance-Evidence from China Listed Companies. The neoclassical theory of investment has been developed to explain, in a perfect market, the investment decision of a company depends on the net present value of a project, and its expenditure is determined only by the set of investment opportunities, and independent of other factors. However, in reality, other factors influence investment mostly. For the full sample of China listed companies, capital allocation is consistent with operating performance. Controlling property rights of the enterprises, we show that various kinds of investments in state-owned listed companies are inconsistent with operating performance, but non-state-owned listed companies reflect effective investment. In the long run, deepening classified reform of state-owned enterprises is extremely demanded. 
Analysis on the International Competitiveness of Beijing's Cultural Creative Industries. This report analyzes the competitiveness of Beijing's cultural creative industries, investigates the overall competitiveness of Beijing's cultural creative industries in the international market share, and reveals the comparative advantage and industrial competitiveness of Beijing's cultural creative industries in cultural creative products and cultural creative services. This analysis comprehensively evaluates the competitiveness of Beijing's cultural creative industries. 
Revalidating Saving-Investment Comovement in Nigeria: Surprises, Stylized Facts and Explanations. Numerous studies have attempted to examine the relationship between savings and investment without a consensus conclusion. Interestingly, there have been profound findings, arguments and scholarly contributions on the subject by different authors, researchers and scholars from most first class institutions around the world. To further heighten the argument around the subject, Feldstein-Horioka in his hypothesis, after running many regression, suggests that saving-investment co-movement under perfect capital mobility remains a puzzle. This report therefore proposes a reconciliation model to revalidate the co-movement between savings and investment using the dataset sourced from the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Statistical Bulletin between 1981 and 2017. The approach employed followed the Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ARDL) and Granger Causality that presumed economic variables reactions are not instantaneous and effects require a feedback mechanism delay for some period. The results suggest the existence of strong positive correlation between national savings and business investment, proposing that policies/initiatives to increasing the domestic resource mobilization through national saving are crucial for stimulating rate of investment in Nigeria. 
Molecules Strategies of Luminescent Gold Nanoclusters for Chemo-/Bio-Sensing. Recent booming advances in luminescent gold nanoclusters (AuNCs), have prompted the development of novel fluorescent sensors. The luminescent AuNCs possess unique and intriguing physical and chemical properties including responsive photoluminescence and peroxide-like activity, providing abundant potentials for sensing strategy design. As of now, a wide variety of chem-/bio-sensors based on AuNCs have been developed and reviewed according to varied analytes. In this review, from a different point of view, we follow the route of how those sensors realize their functions and focus on the actual roles AuNCs play, in order to hierarchically and logically display the recent progress in the sensing applications of AuNCs. This review not only opens new windows to understand the development of sensors based on AuNCs but can also inspire broader and deeper utilization of luminescent nanomaterials. 
A Study of the Distribution between Each Province about China Style Innovation. Since publishing its "National Mid-and Long-Term Science Technology Development Plan" in 2006, China has continued to publicly recognize the importance of innovation. The present study aims to both index and evaluate the progress of innovation within all the provinces of China, including provincial cities and autonomous regions (province hereafter). Innovation, as defined in this analysis, encompassed not only the development of previously unseen cutting-edge technology, but also the technical improvement or introduction of methods which lead to increased production and market expansion. This report examines the distribution of innovation achieved in Chinese provinces utilizing the Aggregate Demand-Aggregate Supply model, and moreover, considers the intensive area of innovation occurrence. In existing literature, such innovation is recognized as the China Style Innovation; however, as the methodology of this analysis provides information relative to effective innovation, meaning the innovation with market expansion for objective area, it can be applied to nations other than China. 
Can Central Banking Policies Make a Difference in Financial Market Performance in Emerging Economies? The Case of India. This report explores the importance of central banking policies in financial market performance, using the case of India. For this purpose, the paper comparatively analyzes the performance of financial markets during the regimes of last three governors of the Reserve Bank of India-Y V Reddy, D Subbarao, and Raghuram Rajan. The paper discusses the central banking policies in these periods with respect to monetary stability, inflation, and growth challenges. The paper presents an analysis of returns and volatility in stock markets and currency markets in their tenures in comparison with those from other selected emerging markets (Brazil, Russia, China, South Africa) and developed markets (USA and UK). The paper also brings out the leverage effect by applying the exponential generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity (EGARCH) model in addition to comparatively analyzing the performance of financial markets. Further, the paper assesses the impact of central banking policies on financial markets by using the fixed effect model on the reference countries for the period under reference. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Capital Markets Integration and Cointegration: Testing for the Correct Specification of Stock Market Indices. In this report we develop a comprehensive Vector Autoregression Model consisting of five variables; the stock market and price indices of pairs of countries, as well as their bilateral nominal exchange rate. Then, we show that under certain long-run restrictions, our approach encompasses a large number of specifications encountered in the voluminous literature on testing for capital integration with cointegration techniques. This approach minimizes the risk of accepting the null of no cointegration between the equity price indices because of the introduction of additional stochastic trends through the transformation of those indices on a "real or nominal US dollar" basis. Furthermore, other interesting long run specifications emerge either with I(1) only stochastic shocks or with the presence of some I(2) disturbances characterizing the system. We apply the testing methodology on monthly data for the US, UK, Germany, and Japan for the period January 1980-May 2019. The main findings provide partial support in favor of cointegration, and therefore for capital markets integration, among stock market indices when proper attention is given to issues like the identification and temporal stability of the cointegration vectors as well as the choice of units that the stock indices are expressed in. 
How Do Auditors Respond to Corporate Innovation Activities -Evidence from Chinese Listed Companies. Innovation is the first driving force and often coexists with risks. As an important tool of risk control, audit plays an important role in preventing and managing such risks. Based on the relevant data of Chinese A-share non-financial listed companies from 2007 to 2018, this report explores how auditors respond to the risks caused by enterprise innovation. The results show that when dealing with audit risk, in the study of the relationship between enterprise innovation activities and audit fees, the higher the investment in innovation activities and the expenditure on capitalized research and development, the auditors will significantly increase their fees. Only when dealing with capitalized R&D expenditure are auditors more likely to give non-unqualified audit opinions. In the study of auditor's risk response attitude, it is found that auditors do not improve the degree of audit effort and audit quality, that is, the pricing strategy of audit response to enterprise innovation activities is only a way of charging risk premium, which leads to the conclusion that auditors do not adopt a positive attitude on the whole. This report also further analyzes various environments to provide relevant suggestions for the formulation of system and audit supervision of relevant departments, and indirectly verifies the necessity and correctness of the formulation of regulations of CICPA requiring certified public accountants to audit innovative information. 
A Reinterpretation of Confucian Philosophy of Education. Confucius' theory of learning is more often than not understood in the West as one which emphasises learning through rote-memorisation and the mastery of essential knowledge as well as behavioural norms preserved in the culture of antiquity, therefore devoid of critical thinking. Drawing on Freire and Dewey's education theories, this report re-examines Confucian conception of learning, revealing the coexistence of emphasis on critical thinking as well as memorisation of existing knowledge. We have thus argued that the Confucian philosophy of education is relevant even in the twenty-first century as enquiring and questioning are considered central to the quest for knowledge in Confucian learning. 
Factors Affecting Brand Switching Behavior in Telecommunication Industry of Pakistan: A Qualitative Investigation. The purpose of the study is to investigate the factors effecting brand switching behavior of customers in telecommunication industry of Pakistan. A qualitative approach has been employed to measure the relationships between the variables of the study. Primary data was collected through the use of in-depth interview technique; open-ended questionnaire is used while transcripts were analyzed drawing from sample of education department. NVivo 11 version has been used to determine the relationship and to validate the study. This report explores findings from a qualitative data through face-to-face interview about tendency of customers brand switching behavior towards telecommunication industry. The in-depth interviews revealed that quality of service, influence of family, friends & relatives and price structure were among the determining factors that influence customers' satisfaction towards brand switching behavior. This research is limited only to mobile service providers in northern regions of Pakistan. Similar research could be employed in other regions of country and may be extrapolated to other verticals of telecom industry. This analysis assessed the influence of four variables whereas switching behavior may also be influenced by some other variables that have not been captured. Hopefully, this analysis will give great understating to telecom industry managers to formulate their strategies specifically suited to esteemed customer and leads towards customer retention. This analysis provides some valuable recommendations to practitioners to develop policies to ensure that there is enhanced quality of service, affordable and attractive packages for family members. Family and friends should be given more importance to suit different people and offer continuous sale-promotions to its customers. 
International Journal of Financial Studies Towards Extending Dividend Puzzle Debate: What Motivates Distribution of Corporate Earnings in Tanzania?. This report investigates the determinants of dividend policy in Tanzania. The study employed a panel data of non-financial firms listed on the Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange (DSE) for the period 2008-2017. The paper reports profitability, liquidity, firm size, leverage, firm growth, previous dividend, and GDP as the major determinants of corporate dividend policy. According to the results, leverage, firm growth, and GDP are negatively related to dividend payout ratio while firm size, profitability, liquidity, and lagged dividend are positively related to dividend policy. More specifically, large-sized firms, highly profitable firms, and firms who paid dividend in previous years are more likely to consider paying dividend. However, payment of dividend will all depend on whether the firm is liquid enough to afford that. On the other hand, high-growth and leveraged firms would not probably consider paying dividend, and will, therefore, opt saving money to finance their expansion and honor their debt obligations. Following these results, corporate managers are advised to consider preferences of investors towards developing corporate dividend policy; to strive paying dividend whenever economically viable (as it signals the firm's reputation), and to limit excessive borrowing to protect firms from getting into financial meltdown (although borrowing is considered a control tool for agency-related problems). 
What Affects the Diffusion of New Energy Vehicles Financial Subsidy Policy? Evidence from Chinese Cities. Designing and implementing effective new energy vehicle (NEV) policy are policy priorities for policymakers and energy policy scholars. However, the formulation, adoption, and diffusion of the NEV policies have not been fully examined in the extant literature. This article explores the mechanisms driving the diffusion of local financial subsidy policy for NEVs in China. In this context, we aim at analyzing the factors affecting the diffusion of local financial subsidies for NEVs in cities, to explain why some cities have taken the lead in adopting local financial subsidy policies for NEVs, while other cities have lagged behind. Based on a data set of 286 cities in China from 2009 to 2016, and with event history analysis (EHA) to analyze the strategic behaviors of local governments, we found that the number of the city's neighbors that have adopted the NEV policy, the financial incentive policy of the provincial government, the administrative ranking of the city, the city's financial situation and innovation capacity have a direct impact on whether the city adopts a local financial subsidy policy for NEVs. This analysis has practical implications for policymakers in designing and promoting the spread of NEV policies. oil-dependence since the early 1970s [15]. Battery-powered electric vehicles were chosen as the most promising option for the future [15,16]. The "Next-Generation Vehicle Plan 2010" set the government targets of the sale's share of ordinary hybrid vehicles (HVs) at 20%-30%, electric vehicles (EVs) and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs) at 15%-20% in Japan [16]. The European Union (EU) has also adopted measures, such as incentives and compulsory measures, to promote the development of NEVs. Since 2009, a mandatory CO 2 standard has been applied to new passenger cars and light commercial vehicles in the EU [17]. And the EU's TEN-T program invested more than 4 million Euros of funding in 155 fast-charging stations along the main motorways in northern Europe from 2007 to 2013 [18]. Many EU countries, including Germany, the United Kingdom, France, and the Netherlands, formulated fiscal incentives to incentivize the deployment of EVs, to stimulate investments in charging infrastructure, and to support national EVs technology innovation [17]. Among them, the German government planned to achieve the target of having one million EVs on the roads by 2020 [19]. The United Kingdom and France announced that they will ban the sale of fossil fuel-powered cars in their own countries by 2040 [20]. 
Global Health Action Physicians' and nurses' attitudes towards performance-based financial incentives in Burundi: a qualitative study in the province of Gitega Physicians' and nurses' attitudes towards performance-based financial incentives in Burundi: a qualitative study in the province of Gitega. Background: Performance-based financing (PBF) was first implemented in Burundi in 2006 as a pilot programme in three provinces and was rolled out nationwide in 2010. PBF is a reform approach to improve the quality, quantity, and equity of health services and aims at achieving universal health coverage. It focuses on how to best motivate health practitioners. Objective: To elicit physicians' and nurses' experiences and views on how PBF influenced and helped them in healthcare delivery. Methods: A qualitative cross-sectional study was carried out among frontline health workers such as physicians and nurses. The data was gathered through individual face-to-face, indepth, semi-structured interviews with 6 physicians and 30 nurses from February to March 2011 in three hospitals in Gitega Province. A simple framework approach and thematic analysis using a combination of manual technique and MAXQDA software guided the analysis of the interview data. Results: Overall, the interviewees felt that the PBF scheme had provided positive motivation to improve the quality of care, mainly in the structures and process of care. The utilization of health services and the relationship between health practitioners and patients also improved. The salary top-ups were recognized as the most significant impetus to increase effort in improving the quality of care. The small and sometimes delayed financial incentives paid to physicians and nurses were criticized. The findings of this analysis also indicate that the positive interaction between performance-based incentive schemes and other health policies is crucial in achieving comprehensive improvement in healthcare delivery. Conclusions: PBF has the potential to motivate medical staff to improve healthcare provision. The views of medical staff and the context of the area of implementation have to be taken into consideration when designing and implementing PBF schemes. 
Camponotus floridanus Ants Incur a Trade-Off between Phenotypic Development and Pathogen Susceptibility from Their Mutualistic Endosymbiont Blochmannia. Various insects engage in microbial mutualisms in which the reciprocal benefits exceed the costs. Ants of the genus Camponotus benefit from nutrient supplementation by their mutualistic endosymbiotic bacteria, Blochmannia, but suffer a cost in tolerating and regulating the symbiont. This cost suggests that the ants face secondary consequences such as susceptibility to pathogenic infection and transmission. In order to elucidate the symbiont's effects on development and disease defence, Blochmannia floridanus was reduced in colonies of Camponotus floridanus using antibiotics. Colonies with reduced symbiont levels exhibited workers of smaller body size, smaller colony size, and a lower major-to-minor worker caste ratio, indicating the symbiont's crucial role in development. Moreover, these ants had decreased cuticular melanisation, yet higher resistance to the entomopathogen Metarhizium brunneum, suggesting that the symbiont reduces the ants' ability to fight infection, despite the availability of melanin to aid in mounting an immune response. While the benefits of improved growth and development likely drive the mutualism, the symbiont imposes a critical trade-off. The ants' increased susceptibility to infection exacerbates the danger of pathogen transmission, a significant risk given ants' social lifestyle. Thus, the results warrant research into potential adaptations of the ants and pathogens that remedy and exploit the described disease vulnerability. 
Crime, Self-Protection and Business Growth in Cote d'Ivoire. Cote d'Ivoire was considered as an island of stability and economic prosperity in a region of stagnation, and political turmoil. The situation was reversed in the early 2000, when a decade of instability led to a surge in crime and violence. Yet, very little was known about the economic consequences of crime at the firm level. This report tested empirically the impact of crime on business activity in Cote d'Ivoire. Using a recent World Bank enterprise survey dataset and a Heckman two-step procedure we showed that crime and private provision of security negatively impacted firms' profit and investment. 
A Tale of (almost) 1001 Coefficients: The Deep and Heterogeneous Effects of the EU-Turkey Customs Union. In view of the deferred start of negotiations for the modernization of the customs union between the EU and Turkey (CU-EUT), we looked back and analysed the ex post trade consequences of the CU-EUT. Employing up-to-date econometric best practices for regional integration agreements, we quantified both the total and the heterogeneous trade effects of the CU-EUT. In contrast with most previous studies, our results indicate that the CU-EUT made a significantly positive, large and robust impact, implying there was an additional increase in EU-Turkey trade in manufacturing by 55-65 per cent compared with that during the previously active Ankara Agreement. We also provide evidence that the CU-EUT significantly increased Turkey's trade with nonmember countries of the CU-EUT. Additionally, a substantial heterogeneity in the CU-EUT effect was found across different industries as well as for each of its member countries and the direction of trade. We linked the heterogeneity of up to 911 coefficient estimates to the differences in initial trade costs and show that it cannot be ascribed to reductions in bilateral tariff rates. 
Risk and Financial Management Digitalization of the EU Economies and People at Risk of Poverty or Social Exclusion. Despite the fact that a comprehensive analysis of digitalization processes in the EU member states has been carried out, the impact of a country's digitalization level on the risks of poverty and social exclusion requires further investigation. The purpose of the paper is to verify a hypothesis that a higher level of national digitalization provides positive trends in reducing the risks of poverty and social exclusion for the population. The Digital Economy and Society Index (DESI) was used to evaluate the digitalization levels of the EU countries. The indicator "People at risk of poverty or social exclusion" (AROPE) was applied to estimate the poverty level. As the main research methods, the authors used a comparative and correlation analysis with respect to the above-mentioned indicators, as well as the Monte Carlo method in order to evaluate the probability of a change in the indicator "population at risk of poverty or social exclusion" in 2021. The EU countries with higher digitalization levels have a lower percentage of the population at risk of poverty and social exclusion. However, a higher digitalization level of the EU member states does not provide an accelerated risk reduction of poverty and social exclusion. Statistical calculations with respect to the entire population of these countries mainly indicate reverse processes. At the same time, a further reduction of poverty and social exclusion level is less probable in the countries with a higher level of digitalization. For relatively poor segments of the population (the 1st and 2nd quintiles by income) in the EU member states, the level of digitalization does not play a significant role. For relatively wealthy segments of the population (the 3rd and 4th quintiles by income) the authors noticed a pattern: the higher the level of digitalization is, the lower the risk of poverty and social exclusion becomes. A pairwise comparison of countries with initially similar AROPE values showed that in most cases (3 out of 5), the countries with higher levels of digitalization showed a more significant reduction in poverty and social exclusion. However, the probability of further positive changes in this area is higher for the countries with a lower level of digitalization. 
Modeling and Quantifying User Acceptance of Personalized Business Modes Based on TAM, Trust and Attitude. With the rapid development of economics and social businesses, users' business demand has changed a lot. More and more people want to personalize their business modes so that they can get better experiences in business and learning activities. The key factor of personalized business mode is to consider users' individual needs on business activities, so that users can receive differentiated services. Users' satisfaction on personalized services will effectively improve the consuming experience of users, which is helpful for business organizations to strengthen their competitive power in business environments. However, will users wish to participate in personalized businesses? This is a crucial issue for developing personalized businesses. Aiming to solve this problem, this report analyzes the major factors influencing user acceptance of personalized business modes. Then, we propose a research model that enhances the TAM (Technology Acceptance Model) model with trust and attitude to depict the influence from several variables to user acceptance of personalized business modes. Further, we use the structural equation method to conduct an empirical analysis on questionnaire data from the Internet. The results in terms of many kinds of data analysis show that trust and the TAM factors (perceived usefulness and perceived ease of use) have significant influence on user acceptance of personalized business modes. In addition, there are partial intermediate relationships existing among the factors of the research model. 
An Organizational Perspective on ArtScience Collaboration: Opportunities and Challenges of Platforms to Collaborate with Artists. Artists are often seen as innovators and producers of creative and extraordinary new ideas. Additionally, experiencing art and artistic processes is an important opportunity for learning and exploration. Thus, corporations and scientific organizations have experimented with initiatives that generate artscience collaboration, such as fellowships, long-term collaborations with artists, and artist-in-residence programs. Looking at outcomes in the long-term, it is possible to identify important contributions to scientific, technological, and artistic fields that stem from artscience collaboration opportunities in organizations. On the other hand, it is often difficult to define immediate tangible outcomes of such processes as innovation as interdisciplinary interaction and learning processes are valuable experiences that do not always manifest directly in outcomes that can be measured. Drawing from cases of artscience programs and qualitative interviews with program managers, scientists, and artists, this article explores how artscience collaboration in an organization adds value and helps overcome organizational challenges regardless of such outcomes. By shifting the focus from the outcome to the process of artscience collaboration, it is possible to discover in more depth value-added contributions of artscience experiences on an individual level (e. g. , new ways of knowing and thinking, understanding of materials and processes, and learning). Moreover, such contributions tell stories of connecting the process of artscience programs to the organizations' goals of developing a new generation of leaders and driving a more adaptive, innovative culture. These benefits of artscience opportunities need to be supported by managerial activities in the organization. Thus, it enables a more differentiated understanding of possible contributions of artscience collaboration to organizations and helps to define the best model to create such opportunities. The article also recommends future research directions to further advance artscience collaboaration, especially in light of pertinent movements such as STEAM and Open Innovation, and promising developments in related fields such as neuro-aesthetics. 
Access to Media and HIV Knowledge in India. This report aims to better understand the relationship between HIV knowledge and media exposure in India. We use a two-stage hurdle model to estimate the effect of media sources such as newspapers, radios and television on AIDS-related knowledge among Indian men and women using demographic health survey data. Overall, access to newspapers, radio, or television increases the likelihood of better HIV knowledge in both males and females by an order between 2% and 12%. These findings, albeit quantitatively small, suggest, even if indirectly, possible problems faced by AIDS campaigns and government programs in combating the HIV epidemic in India. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Trade Openness and Bank Risk-Taking Behavior: Evidence from Emerging Economies. In this report, we examine the impact of trade openness on bank risk-taking behavior. Using a panel dataset of 291 banks from 37 emerging countries over the period from 1998 to 2012, we find that higher trade openness decreases bank risk-taking. The results are robust when we use alternative bank risk-taking proxies and alternative estimation methods. We argue that trade openness provides diversification opportunities to banks in lending activities, which decrease overall bank risk. Further to this end, we observe that higher trade openness helps domestic banks to smooth out income volatility and decreases the impact of a financial crisis on banks. 
Valor, Custo e Utilidade Marginal -Parte III * Value, Cost, and Marginal Utility -Part III. Resumo: Neste artigo, de importancia fundamental para a compreensao do posicionamento historico dos economistas austriacos com respeito a relacao entre valor, custo e utilidade marginal, o autor responde a criticas elaboradas por Heinrich Dietzel contra os teoricos do valor marginal. O autor tambem discute a situacao cientifica da teoria do valor no final do seculo XIX. 
Phlorizin, an Active Ingredient of Eleutherococcus senticosus, Increases Proliferative Potential of Keratinocytes with Inhibition of MiR135b and Increased Expression of Type IV Collagen. E. senticosus extract (ESE), known as antioxidant, has diverse pharmacologic effects. It is also used as an antiaging agent for the skin and phlorizin (PZ) is identified as a main ingredient. In this analysis, the effects of PZ on epidermal stem cells were investigated. Cultured normal human keratinocytes and skin equivalents are used to test whether PZ affects proliferative potential of keratinocytes and how it regulates these effects. Skin equivalents (SEs) were treated with ESE and the results showed that the epidermis became slightly thickened on addition of 0. 002% ESE. The staining intensity of p63 as well as proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) is increased, and integrin 6 was upregulated. Analysis of ESE confirmed that PZ is the main ingredient. When SEs were treated with PZ, similar findings were observed. In particular, the expression of integrin 6, integrin 1, and type IV collagen was increased. Levels of mRNA for type IV collagen were increased and levels of miR135b were downregulated. All these findings suggested that PZ can affect the proliferative potential of epidermal cells in part by microenvironment changes via miR135b downregulation and following increased expression of type IV collagen. 
An Elementary Proof That Well-Behaved Utility Functions Exist. Starting from an intuitive and constructive approach for countable domains, and combining this with elementary measure theory, we obtain an upper semi-continuous utility function based on outer measure. Whenever preferences over an arbitrary domain can at all be represented by a utility function, our function does the job. Moreover, whenever the preference domain is endowed with a topology that makes the preferences upper semi-continuous, so is our utility function. Although links between utility theory and measure theory have been pointed out before, to the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that the present intuitive and straight-forward route has been taken. 
A Behavioral Study of the Normative of the Listed Company Information Disclosure after IPO. This report sets the corporations which occurs first information disclosure violation after IPO as a research object, using theoretical analysis and empirical analysis to study related issues of corporation information disclosure violations. This report contacts this time length with causes of violated information disclosure and builds regression model. And there comes the result: the proportion of independent directors has positive correlation with the time length of corporation's first violation after IPO; the proportion of managerial ownership has positive correlation with the time length of corporation's first violation after IPO; the pressure of insurance license could shorten the time length of corporation's first violation after IPO. This report based on existed researches and analysis the feature of corporation violation types, adopts ordered logistic regression model to predict corporation violation types. Finally, this report gives a series of recommendations based on the causes of corporations' information disclosure. 
Sharp Convex Bounds on the Aggregate Sums-An Alternative Proof. It is well known that a random vector with given marginals is comonotonic if and only if it has the largest convex sum, and that a random vector with given marginals (under an additional condition) is mutually exclusive if and only if it has the minimal convex sum. This report provides an alternative proof of these two results using the theories of distortion risk measure and expected utility. 
Economies The ARDL Method in the Energy-Growth Nexus Field; Best Implementation Strategies. A vast number of the energy-growth nexus researchers, as well as other "X-variable-growth nexus" studies, such as for example the tourism-growth nexus, the environment-growth nexus or the food-growth nexus have used the autoregressive distributed lag model (ARDL) bounds test approach for cointegration testing. Their research papers rarely include all the ARDL procedure steps in a detailed way and thus they leave other researchers confused with the series of steps that must be followed and the best implementation paradigms so that they not allow any obscure aspects. This report is a comprehensive review that suggests the steps that need to be taken before the ARDL procedure takes place as well as the steps that should be taken afterward with respect to causality investigation and robust analysis. 
Trends of Base Metals Prices. The real price of base metals exhibits a decreasing trend over time. We model base metals prices as the equilibrium of aggregate supply and demand. This allows us to study the effect of determinants of base metals prices. The trend in the price of base metals depends on technological progress, resource scarcity, natural resource taxes, and the interest rate. Under certain parameter restrictions we can explain the decreasing trend in prices over time. This phenomenon is mostly explained by the substitution effect and technological progress. We derive policy implications related to natural resource taxation. 
How Indian CPI and Industrial Production Respond to Global Oil Price Shocks? Regime-Dependent Impulse Responses. For emerging markets like India, where around 80 percent of the crude requirements are met through imports, it is an imperative task to comprehend impact of global crude oil price shocks on Indian macroeconomic variables. The present study attempts to understand these asymmetric dynamic interactions between global crude oil price shocks and Indian macroeconomic variables by employing Markov switching-Vector Autoregressive (MS-VAR) regime-dependent impulse responses in level forms. The findings hold an important place in the wake of inflation targeting regime adopted by the monetary policy authorities. The findings highlight the existence of two regimes, namely lower and higher oil price variance regimes. The response of industrial production and consumer prices is different towards oil price shocks in different regimes. In the lower oil variance regime, there is negative (positive) relationship observed between crude oil shocks and industrial production (consumer prices). On the other hand, there is a positive equilibrium shift in the industrial production in the higher oil variance regime with cost pushing inflationary pressures in the long run. The findings bear strong implication for the policy makers in their attempt to combat effects of crude oil shocks. As per the findings, the emerging market policy makers should display a cautious approach during higher oil price volatile phases in order to support industrial production and consumer demand. 
Estimation of Disaggregated Impacts of Education Expansion on Economic Growth in Sub-Saharan Africa. Underpinned by evidence from the theories of endogenous growth which stress the role of human capital accumulation in enhancing growth, this report investigates the disaggregated impact of school enrolment on economic growth in Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) for the period 1995-2016. The analysis is based on the augmented Solow, and Mankiw models and employs the Generalized Method of Moments (GMM) technique that takes care of endogeneity in a dynamic panel environment. The results point to a significant but differential impact of educational expansion in facilitating economic performance in the SSA region. Essentially, the growth enhancing impact of education depends on the type of education with secondary education yielding the largest impacts. The gender disaggregated model results show that and secondary school and primary enrolment yield higher growth effects relative to tertiary enrolment. Most interestingly and contrary to existing literature on the gender disaggregated impact of education on growth, the education of girls is seen to yield higher growth effects relative to boys. Based on evidence of the positive impact of girl-child education, policy interventions to support and sustain girl child education in Sub-Saharan Africa ought to be encouraged. 
Potential Trade-Offs Between Nature-Based Tourism and Forestry, a Case Study in Northern Finland. Forestry, as a large industry, has significant impacts on the quality of nature-based tourism landscapes in boreal forests. In Finland, the rapid growth of nature-based tourism has expanded outdoor recreation activities from protected areas into timber production forests; this is particularly so in northern Finland. This report focuses on assessing balanced local net impacts of three alternative land-use scenarios, in which the level of integration between nature-based tourism (NBT) and traditional forestry is varied. The study is located in northern Finland in the area between two top-rated tourist resorts, Yllas and Levi. The results of the case study support the idea of an eligible integration between NBT and forestry, which takes into account scenic qualities of forested landscapes by restricting traditional management practices. In our case, the increased number of tourists (due to a more attractive forest environment) offset the losses accrued in forestry (due to restricted forest management). 
Self-Medication Practice in Limmu Genet, Jimma Zone, Southwest Ethiopia: Does Community Based Health Insurance Scheme Have an Influence?. Background. Self-medication, which is a form of self-care, is an important initial response to illness, and many illnesses can be successfully treated at this stage. It is practiced by a considerable proportion of the population and is affected by sociodemographic and economic factors. This analysis was conducted to assess the practice of self-medication and associated factors in Limmu Genet's town households, Jimma Zone, Southwest Ethiopia. Methods and Materials. A community based cross-sectional study was done. Systematic sampling technique was used to select participants. Data was collected by face-to-face interviews by using structured questionnaires. After checking the completeness, missing values, and coding of questionnaires, data was tabulated and calculated on SPSS version 20. 0. Finally data was presented in tables, graphs frequency, percentage, and cross-tabulation with different variables. Result. In this analysis, both self-medication and the prevalence of diseases among households were 78. 1%. That constituted any kind of illness reported by participants. Conclusion. Self-medication practice is common among community members regardless of being community based health insurance members. Therefore, it needs pertinent health education on legal prescriptions and use of medicines as well as strengthening the access of community based insurance. 
Oil Price and Economic Growth in Small Pacific Island Countries. Among the 14 Pacific Island countries (PICs), only Papua New Guinea has fossil fuel resources. None of the remaining 13 PICs has any energy sources. Consequently, all the 13 PICs are totally dependent on oil imports for their economic activities. Recent surges and volatility in oil prices have had serious economic repercussions on economic growth. Since PICs have limited foreign exchange earning capacities, as they have very narrow range of exports and are highly dependent on foreign aid, high oil prices in recent months have seriously tested their economic resilience. This report applies the recently developed panel analysis procedures to five major PICs, namely Fiji, Samoa, Solomon islands, Tonga and Vanuatu with a view to assess the impact of oil price on economic growth. The findings are that oil price, economic growth and international reserve are cointegrated. The study findings are that although in the long run there is no long run causality relationship between these variables, in the short run the causality linkage runs from oil prices and international reserve to economic growth. The paper concludes with a brief discussion on policy options. 
Responses to the Foraging/Predation Risk Trade-Off and Individual Variability in Population-Level Fitness Correlates. Foraging under the influence of interspecific interactions such as competition and predation risk can have effects on the energetic reserves of the forager. Measurements of condition in species such as fish are usually correlated with individual fecundity and, hence, fitness. From work in two study systems in which predation risk regulates habitat selection and foraging behavior of benthic fishes I examined whether risk dependence led to reduced variability in fish condition. In field populations of cottid fishes, observed in an estuarine system and in the near-shore habitat of an oligotrophic lake, I found that individuals that experienced higher predation risk showed reduced variability in CI. Estuarine cottids with high food availability and substantial predation risk varied less in CI among individuals than in the associated tidal creek. In the lake, where there is considerable heterogeneity in benthic food resources, a related cottid species showed reduced variation in CI with increasing predation risk from adults. Finally, I examine my previous experiments showing that the estuarine species is limited in its use of high resource availability in estuaries by competition and predation risk. Here I found that variability in individual condition index (CI) was higher when intraspecific and interspecific competition increased and did not increase in the face of predation risk. 
The architecture and structure of alpaca skin (Vicugna pacos): impacts on industry and wool trade. Background: Alpacas are reared mainly for fiber extraction, which is a highly valued product in the textile industry. For this reason, this work aims to evaluate the morphological and quantitative aspects of the light and dark alpaca skin of Huacaya and Suri alpacas, comparing the structure and architecture of the scapular, costal and lateral femoral skin. Biopsies were collected from the skin of 12 alpacas from the Pacomarca Experimental Fund, located at Puno -Peru. The samples were weighed and fixed in 10% aqueous formalin solution for histological procedures. The histological sections were stained with Hematoxylin eosin, Picrossirius red and Masson Trichromic and immunostained for types I, III and IV collagen and S100. 
Transition Thinking and Business Model Innovation-Towards a Transformative Business Model and New Role for the Reuse Centers of Limburg, Belgium. The current dynamics of change, including climate change, resource depletion, energy transition, internet of things, etc. will have substantial impacts on the functioning of contemporary business models. Most firms and companies, however, still largely focus on efficiency strategies leading to sub-optimal solutions (reducing bad impact), rather than radically changing their business model to develop new transaction models more appropriate for today's world (doing better things). However, persistent sustainability issues arising from our changing societal systems, require more radical and structural changes both within and between organizations to change the way we do business. There is limited empirically established research literature on how businesses can be more proactive in this regard and how they can move beyond "management of unsustainability". In this report, we present a transformative business model innovation approach inspired by transition theory combining elements of systems thinking, value-inspired envisioning, reflexive design and co-creation that was pioneered for a consortia of reuse centers in the province of Limburg, Belgium. We demonstrate that this approach contributed to the development of new business model concepts, was conducive for mobilizing support and resources to ensure follow up activity and holds potential to promote a more proactive role for businesses as agents of transformative change. 
Underrepresentation of Women at Academic Excellence and Position of Power: Role of Harassment and Glass Ceiling. The study intends to comprehend the underrepresentation of women on positions of power and academic excellence in academia. The study explained the role of exploitation and harassment, which might hinder, when women were trying to climb to top hierarchical position. The majority of women supervised by male heads, sexual harassment could be used as a glass ceiling to hamper women to reach top hierarchal level. The majority participants were working on lower academic and administrative hierarchy; they were experiencing harassment throughout the hierarchical level. Similarly, they considered that harassment could contribute to the underrepresentation of women at academic excellence and a position of power. 
What Drives the Accretion of the Foreign Exchange Reserves of the Lebanese Central Bank? (1994-2018). Theory predicts that the optimal foreign exchange rate policy of a central bank, in the presence of perfect capital mobility, and a persistent expansionary fiscal policy, is to fix this rate. Since these fundamentals apply to Lebanon, the Lebanese central bank has judiciously followed the policy of pegging the foreign exchange rate since the end of 1998. However, the actual policy led to a frantic quest for foreign exchange more than the level required or optimal. The behavioral model estimated in this report worked endogenously from 1994 to 1998, and was actively operated upon afterwards. The model, based on financial engineering concepts, relates the change in the foreign exchange reserves of the central bank to the change in foreign exchange reserves of the banking system, and to the change in the foreign public debt. This model assumes that the central bank swaps government debt, denominated in Lebanese pounds, for a debt in foreign currency, thereby increasing its reserves, and improving the balance of payments. Moreover, the model is based upon the notion that the central bank is able to persuade banks to sell their excess foreign funds abroad for floating notes issued by the central bank, thereby increasing its reserves and improving the balance of payments. Although the central bank has announced publicly that it carried out the financial engineering embodied in the behavioral model discretely, and at specific periods, the paper finds that the same policy was continuously and incessantly undertaken and implemented, but at smaller scales. The crucial evidence comes about from the empirical finding that the change in the net foreign reserves of banks is positively, proportionately and significantly related to the central bank change in foreign exchange reserves. Moreover, part of the increase in foreign debt is funneled to a positive, and significant, relation with the change in foreign reserves of the central bank. 
Monitoring progress towards Universal Health Coverage (UHC) requires an assessment of progress in coverage of health services and protection of households from the impact of direct outof-pocket payments (i. e. financial risk protection). Although Uganda has expressed aspirations for attaining UHC, out-of-pocket payments remain a major contributor to total health expenditure. The aim of this analysis is to monitor progress in financial risk protection in Uganda. 
Within and Cross Volatility Contagion Effects among Stock, Crude and Forex Returns: Empirical Evidence from Five Emerging Economies. The paper examines the spillover effects of return volatility among stock market index, foreign exchange market and WTI crude oil market across five emerging nations. Here a Trivariate Diagonal BEKK-GARCH model is used to estimate the time-varying conditional variance and to test the own-volatility spillover effects of returns among the three underlying variables. We find that significant own volatility spillover exists in the WTI returns followed by that of stock returns and forex returns. Further, fluctuations in WTI returns exert considerable influence over the stock market volatilities. The lagged variance of the variables as well as their lagged squared residuals from the mean equation has a positive and significant impact on the current volatility in most cases. The findings of the study are of pertinent importance to financiers, economists, investors and policymakers. 
What Determinants Influence Students to Start Their Own Business? Empirical Evidence from United Arab Emirates Universities. What factors influence students to start their own business? What are the implications at the university level? This report aims to answer to these questions and investigates, at a micro level (university), the motivation for entrepreneurial intentions among students in 10 universities from the United Arab Emirates (UAE). An online inquiry has been conducted among 500 students between April and June 2018, and 157 fully completed questionnaires were retained. Factor Analysis with Varimax (with Kaizer Normalization) rotation and logistic regression were used to identify what factors motivate students to start their own business and, from those factors, which one is determinant in this decision. Also, age and parental self-employment status were used to determine the influence of these factors. Four factors have been identified as determinants for students to start their own business: entrepreneurial confidence, entrepreneurial orientation, university support for entrepreneurship, and cultural support for entrepreneurship. Surprisingly, the only factor significantly correlated with the intention in starting a business is entrepreneurial confidence. This factor becomes even stronger when it is associated with age (20-25 years old) and parents' self-employment status. These conclusions involve specific challenges on the university level, related to the role of entrepreneurial education and on country level, in link with the effectiveness of governmental programs to enhance entrepreneurial endeavours. Further research can explore and test these findings on a representative sample for the UAE, and for other countries. Author Contributions: Conceptualization, A. M. P. ; Data curation, O. A. ; Formal analysis, O. A. and T. E. ; Investigation, T. E. ; Methodology, A. M. P. ; Resources, R. M. Z. ; Supervision, A. M. P. ; Validation, O. A. ; Visualization, R. M. Z. ; Writing-original draft, R. M. Z. ; Writing-review & editing, T. E. Funding: This research received no external funding. 
Determining the Relationships between Price and Online Reputation in Lodgings. Currently, lodgings' competitiveness depends on pricing, based on the online reputation measured by quantitative scales of variables. The purpose of this article is to analyze the different prices set by lodgings by season in relation to the variables that measure their online reputation. This is an essential aspect in determining prices competitively in a constantly changing market. The study analyzes the offer of three tourist destinations (Gran Canaria and Tenerife in Spain and Agadir in Morocco) and online customer reviews on the quality of service, value, and added value obtained from Booking. com. Bivariate regressions with different functions were carried out to determine which one best matches these variables to the prices. The results show that added value has the greater relationship with prices. The cubic and quadratic functions have the best fit between quality of service and added value with regard to lodging prices. Based on the results obtained, it is possible to determine the most competitive prices lodgings can set depending on the quality of service and the added value offered to customers. To the extent that destinations from different countries are analyzed, the research reaches an international scope that is in line with the competitive reality of the tourism market. 
Effects of Pros and Cons of Applying Big Data Analytics to Consumers' Responses in an E-Commerce Context. The era of Big Data analytics has begun in most industries within developed countries. This new analytics tool has raised motivation for experts and researchers to study its impacts to business values and challenges. However, studies which help to understand customers' views and their behavior towards the applications of Big Data analytics are lacking. This research aims to explore and determine the pros and cons of applying Big Data analytics that affects customers' responses in an e-commerce environment. Data analyses were conducted in a sample of 273 respondents from Vietnam. The findings found that information search, recommendation system, dynamic pricing, and customer services had significant positive effects on customers' responses. Privacy and security, shopping addiction, and group influences were found to have significant negative effects on customers' responses. Customers' responses were measured at intention and behavior stages. Moreover, positive and negative effects simultaneously presented significant effect on customers' responses. Each dimension of positive and negative factors had different significant impacts on customers' intention and behavior. Specifically, information search had a significant influence on customers' intention and improved customers' behavior. Shopping addiction had a drastic change from intention to behavior compared to group influences and privacy and security. This analysis contributes to improve understanding of customers' responses under big data era. This could play an important role to develop sustainable consumers market. E-vendors can rely on Big Data analytics but over usage may have some negative applications. 
Human Resource Management in the Indian Banking Sector. Efficient human resource management is one of the most essential requirements for survival in this competitive world. In this report, an attempt has been made to test the hypothesis for administrative skills, competitive advantage and human resource development (HRD) policies. This analysis reveals that Indian bank managers have good administrative skills for industrial competitiveness. Also, they have good administrative skills to manage HRD policies. 
Sustainable Enterprise Capital Management. The paper presents the idea of a new method of sustainable enterprise capital management. The idea is based on a principle that states that the faster an enterprise achieves and maintains a balance between its capitals, the more effective the management is. The concept forms a part of the search for an alternative to net profit, which is a basic but outdated measure in modern times. After the introduction, the author outlines the basic principles and foundations of the new method. After introducing the principles and assumptions of the new idea, the author, in his paper, describes the studies that aimed at a practical checking of the possibilities of measuring the effectiveness of the company's economic condition and the effects of management in accordance with the new principles. They were carried out in one of the food industry companies, whose shares are listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. Two new economic indicators were used in the study. The general conclusion of the study is as follows: new principles of sustainable capital management can be applied in practice to measure the effectiveness of the enterprise and the work of the management board, but there are still many conditions and problems listed in the paper that should be the subject of further work. The issue that still needs a lot of research within the whole idea is the problem of valuing the current and optimal level of corporate capital. The conclusions outline the strengths and weaknesses of the new method. 
Financial Support Mechanisms and Financing Instruments for Climate Change Adaptation. Extreme weather has been having an increase in frequency and severity because of global warming. Heavy financial burden on governments has been increasing as reconstruction of natural disaster and prevention of public construction spending. Unlike the climate mitigation activities, the main purpose of climate adaptation is to establish climate risk management system. We discuss several types of financing instruments and collect several cases in both developed and developing countries internationally. We find that budget reallocation or government bonds are regularly used for losses from natural disaster in developing countries while both government bonds and insurance penetration are used to against catastrophe risks in the developed countries. Finally, we also find that insurance-related instruments are feasible and have been applied in some middleincome countries with assistance from the World Bank. 
Case Analysis of the ZC Company's AS Power Project Investment Decision-Making. First, combined with relevant theories of modern investment decision-making, this report took AS power engineering project of ZC Company for instance, analyzed objective function of power engineering investment structure in ZC Company. Second, this report analyzed investment decisionmaking structure of AS power engineering project in ZC Company, and obtained specific results of investment decision-making, and the related results were verified. Through analysis and exploration, this report has a scientific impact on ZC Company for the AS power project investment, while it's hoped that it can play a role in electric power engineering projects of other companies in China. So it can better promote the development of electrical engineering investment in electrical industry. 
Implementation of Optimal Two-Stage Scheduling of Energy Storage System Based on Big-Data-Driven Forecasting-An Actual Case Study in a Campus Microgrid. Optimal operation scheduling of energy storage systems (ESSs) has been considered as an effective way to cope with uncertainties arising in modern grid operation such as the inherent intermittency of the renewable energy sources (RESs) and load variations. This report proposes a scheduling algorithm where ESS power inputs are optimally determined to minimize the microgrid (MG) operation cost. The proposed algorithm consists of two stages. In the first stage, hourly schedules during a day are optimized one day in advance with the objective of minimizing the operating cost. In the second stage, the optimal schedule obtained from the first stage is repeatedly updated every 5 min during the day of operation to compensate for the uncertainties in load demand and RES output power. The ESS model is developed considering operating efficiencies and then incorporated in mixed integer linear programming (MILP). Penalty functions are also considered to acquire feasible optimal solutions even under large forecasting errors in RES generation and load variation. The proposed algorithm is verified in a campus MG, implemented using ESSs and photovoltaic (PV) arrays. The field test results are obtained using open-source software and then compared with those acquired using commercial software. 
Stock Return Conjunction in Markets with Deteriorated Sentiment: Evidence from the Japanese Electric Appliances Industry. This report aims to clarify the characteristics of stock return dynamics when investor sentiment is deteriorated in equity markets. Further, prior to our empirical analysis, we newly develop the measures of return conjunction and the exponentially weighted correlation coefficient. Namely, our contributions are as follows. First, this report clarifies the fact that when market sentiment is deteriorated, stock returns present conjunctional behavior. Second, for our empirical analysis, we newly develop two kinds of conjunction measures of stock returns. Third, we also develop the exponentially weighted correlation coefficient measure referring to the exponentially weighted volatility suggested by J. P. Morgan. This correlation measure is a useful tool because it captures forward-looking correlation without difficulty caused by model estimation. 
A Test for Joint Market Efficiency from an Investor's Perspective. This report investigates the cross-country correlation between stock markets and its implications. It does so by introducing a new measure called the Scaled Covariance Difference (SCD), which captures the difference between the covariance of short term returns and longer term returns. This measure has practical implications for portfolio optimization, as well as in testing for the joint efficiency of markets. Our focus in this report is on including the off-diagonal terms of the variance-covariance matrix in the analysis so as to develop a test for joint market efficiency, unlike the univariate tests for market efficiency which only make use of information along the main diagonal of the variance-covariance matrix. We also demonstrate how to implement the test for joint market efficiency using data on weekly stock returns from the Nifty and S&P 500 indices. 
Research in Hospitality Management The influence of the importance of event factors on meeting planner satisfaction: A case study of a theme park event business. This report presents data from a research project aimed at identifying how important the different event factors are to the visiting meeting planners and how this might influence guest satisfaction. The focus for the researchers was to get an overall picture of the meeting planners' satisfaction and to identify the areas which needed more focus, in order to improve future business. This was done by sending an online survey to 25 regularly visiting meeting planners. This survey asked the meeting planners to rate event factors on their importance, and the satisfaction level regarding a certain planned event on service and physical factors. The event factors were derived from both the academic literature and the experience of the company. The survey was split into two parts. First, the factors needed to be rated in terms of importance, and second on satisfaction. Seven meeting planners filled out the survey. Nevertheless the findings showed that friendliness and politeness scored highest on importance of all factors. Also empathy, reliability, responsiveness, tangibles, and food quality scored high on importance. Improvement areas concerning satisfaction are "consultation" and "reachability" during the planning process, and "cleanliness of meeting rooms". Further investigation is needed for the factors of "lighting, climate and soundproofing of meeting rooms", "size and number of facilities", "presentation, variety and quantity of food". and why customers actually choose a theme park for their event. 
Unequal Exchange? Marx' Solution to the Value Problem on the World Market Keywords. By drawing on his critically developed labour theory of value, Marx was able to provide a satisfactory answer to the question of unequal exchange-that is, the question of how the law of value regulates exchange between two or more countries. Unlike the proponents of classical political economics, Marx drew an explicit distinction between labour, as expressed in the form of value, and the same labour, as expressed in the form of use value. This twofold character is the key to the correct analysis of magnitude of value and exchange relation. At the heart of Marx' solution to the value problem is the concept of "socially necessary labour time". This concept includes the average labour of a given country that is required to measure magnitude of value in relation to time. If the character of average labour differs from country to country, then the same quantity of labour time measures values that also differ from country to country. What is modified, then, is not the magnitude of value itself but labour time as a measure of value. Unlike in Ricardo's theory, in Marx's labour theory of value, the law of exchange also applies to international trade. As a general rule, what is exchanged are equivalents. In international trade, no country can acquire a value that is greater than the value it had before engaging in such trade. A transfer of value does not occur. Less developed countries can reproduce themselves as well without being competed out of the market by more developed nations. However, the exchange of equivalents involves unequal quantities of labour time, but this "unequal exchange" is determined by production. It is not a matter of exchange, and thus it is not a matter of exchange rates either. 
Characteristics and Trends of Chinese Scholars' Publication in High-Level Management Journals. High level academic journals tend to have strict review procedures and processes. The high level journal papers were also more likely to get a reference. It also makes the priority in the academic competition process. Scholars are more willing to put their own research first appears in the high level of academic journals. So what is the current situation of Chinese scholars publishing high-level journals? What are the characteristics and trends? Taking the field of management as an example, the paper first collects the papers published by Chinese scholars in the list of top journals in the field of management recognized by the international community, and conducts descriptive statistical analysis, including the basic situation of publication, the characteristics of authors and the analysis of international coauthors. Four main conclusions are obtained, which are of certain reference value to summarize the characteristics of high-level journals and objectively judge the development of management research level in China. 
Coordination is described as a widespread function emerging in relation to policy plans inducing collaboration between different sectors, organizations and professions. This report suggests seeing the implementation phase as a translation process, one where the content of policy plans is reinvented primarily through discussion rather than linearly transferred from the political to the professional arena. It focuses on the function of coordinator with a view to examining how this function is performed and questions its influence on the local translation of both policy plans. The data collection was part of two research projects focusing on the reform of Belgian mental healthcare and the creation of care pathways for forensic patients, combining document analysis, interviews (n = 82) and observations (n = 58). The results highlight the inherent ambiguity of the coordinators' working environment, the socially-disputed nature of their function and define the coordinators as connection-makers who exert power over processes rather than people or structures. It demonstrates that coordinators influence the policy process by inducing discussions at meetings and the documents subsequently produced. In conclusion, this report defines coordinators as process managers whose work largely consists of translating policy plans through event connectivity and contextualizing practices. Given the importance of translation in policy implementation, this report calls for a reconsideration of policy evaluation as well as of the coordinators' recruitment and training procedures. 
Detecting Ethnic Spatial Distribution of Business People Using Machine Learning. The development of transportation and technology has spread human movements more quickly and widely. As a result, our societies are becoming more complex, composed of people of more diverse races, cultures, religions, and languages. In this analysis, we focus on the origins of ethnicity while analyzing the background of social members. To track the origin of the ethnicities of which a society is composed, we established a surname-nationality prediction model by learning from a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) with data recorded by business peoples' surnames and nationalities to predict nationality with high accuracy through surnames. This analysis is meaningful because it approaches the social scientific problems of ethnic composition within society through massive data and machine learning: the informatics approach. 
Occupational Class Differences in Long-Term Sickness Absence Due to Breast Cancer during 2005-2013: A Population-Based Study among Finnish Women. Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women in Western countries with clear socioeconomic differences. Higher occupational class is associated with higher breast cancer incidence but with better survival from the disease, whereas lower occupational class is associated with higher risk of sickness absence. We are not aware of previous studies examining changes over time in occupational class differences in sickness absence due to breast cancer. This report focuses on occupational class differences in the incidence and duration of sickness absence due to breast cancer over the period of 2005-2013. Age-adjusted occupational class differences in the cumulative incidence and duration of sickness absence due to breast cancer were calculated utilising a nationally representative 70% random sample of employed Finnish women aged 35-64 years (yearly N varying between 499,778 and 519,318). The results show that higher occupational class was associated with higher annual cumulative incidence of sickness absence due to breast cancer. Lower occupational class was associated with longer duration of absence. Occupational class differences in both cumulative incidence and duration of absence remained broadly stable. As a conclusion, these results suggest that measures should be targeted particularly to promotion of work capacity among employees with breast cancer in lower occupational classes. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Connecting VIX and Stock Index ETF with VAR and Diagonal BEKK. As stock market indexes are not tradeable, the importance and trading volume of Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) cannot be understated. ETFs track and attempt to replicate the performance of a specific index. Numerous studies have demonstrated a strong relationship between the S&P500 Composite Index and the Volatility Index (VIX), but few empirical studies have focused on the relationship between VIX and ETF returns. The purpose of the paper is to investigate whether VIX returns affect ETF returns by using vector autoregressive (VAR) models to determine whether daily VIX returns with different moving average processes affect ETF returns. The ARCH-LM test shows conditional heteroskedasticity in the estimation of ETF returns, so that the Diagonal BEKK (named after Baba, Engle, Kraft and Kroner) model is used to accommodate multivariate conditional heteroskedasticity in the VAR estimates of ETF returns. Daily data on ETF returns that follow different stock indexes in the USA and Europe are used in the empirical analysis, which is presented for the full data set, as well as for the three sub-periods Before, During, and After the Global Financial Crisis. The estimates show that daily VIX returns have: (1) significant negative effects on European ETF returns in the short run; (2) stronger significant effects on single-market ETF returns than on European ETF returns; and (3) lower impacts on the European ETF returns than on S&P500 returns. For the European markets, the estimates of the mean equations tend to differ between the whole sample period and the sub-periods, but the estimates of the matrices A and B in the Diagonal BEKK model are quite similar for the whole sample period and at least two of the three sub-periods. For the US Markets, the estimates of the mean equations also tend to differ between the whole sample period and the sub-periods, but the estimates of the matrices A and B in the Diagonal BEKK model are very similar for the whole sample period and the three sub-periods. 
Collaborative Logistics Information Service Framework and Reference Model: Based on the Perspective of Service Ecosystem. This report analyzed the system features and model constructs of collaborative logistics information services from the perspective of service ecosystem. With the example of public logistics services platform, this report discussed the contents of its features, classified its technology realization and business model and put forward the corresponding system structure and key realization technologies, which provide reference model for collaborative logistics information development. 
Put-Call Parity in Equity Options Markets: Recent Evidence. There have been various studies of potential violations of put-call parity in US equity options markets, and the purpose of this analysis is to examine one potential explanation of these anomalous results. Cremers and Weinbaum [1] indicate a potential trading strategy that can obtain excess returns of up to 50 basis points per week, which is quite remarkable. However, none of these studies consider the fact that options markets have historically maintained different trading hours than those of their underlying security markets. While the US stock market has traditionally closed at 3:00 PM CST, options markets have variously closed between 3:10 and 3:02 PM CST over the past two decades. Using over ten million individual options implied volatility estimations since 1996, it is documented that these anomalies have all but disappeared since stock and option markets synchronized their trading hours. Beginning in the late 1990's, stock prices often move slightly or to a larger degree in "after-hours" trading, enabled by the advent of electronic trading platforms. Options markets that are still open may adjust to subsequent stock market movements, although closing stock prices are reported as of 3:00 PM CST. Prior studies may have ignored these effects, and this is the first study to indicate that apparent deviations from put-call parity have decreased markedly over recent years, if they were ever economically significant at all. 
Big Data and Business Analytics: Trends, Platforms, Success Factors and Applications. Big data and business analytics are trends that are positively impacting the business world. Past researches show that data generated in the modern world is huge and growing exponentially. These include structured and unstructured data that flood organizations daily. Unstructured data constitute the majority of the world's digital data and these include text files, web, and social media posts, emails, images, audio, movies, etc. The unstructured data cannot be managed in the traditional relational database management system (RDBMS). Therefore, data proliferation requires a rethinking of techniques for capturing, storing, and processing the data. This is the role big data has come to play. This report, therefore, is aimed at increasing the attention of organizations and researchers to various applications and benefits of big data technology. The paper reviews and discusses, the recent trends, opportunities and pitfalls of big data and how it has enabled organizations to create successful business strategies and remain competitive, based on available literature. Furthermore, the review presents the various applications of big data and business analytics, data sources generated in these applications and their key characteristics. Finally, the review not only outlines the challenges for successful implementation of big data projects but also highlights the current open research directions of big data analytics that require further consideration. The reviewed areas of big data suggest that good management and manipulation of the large data sets using the techniques and tools of big data can deliver actionable insights that create business values. 
An Investigation of Inter-net Enterprise Value Assessment Based on Comprehensive Evaluation Method. According to the overall asset status, the profitability and the economic environment, enterprise value evaluation is a comprehensive assessment of the overall fair market of the enterprise. Different enterprises have different nature and assessment targets, a suitable method should be chosen for assessment of different enterprise characteristics. The traditional methods of enterprise value evaluation can be summarized as three basic types: the cost methods, the marketing method and the revenue method. Different from traditional enterprise, internet enterprise is defined as the knowledge-intensive enterprise, whose enterprise value has a very typical light asset structure. A new enterprise value evaluation method should be raised for internet enterprises. In this report, a complete and comprehensive assessment system based on fuzzy mathematics and analytic hierarchy process (AHP) has been raised for internet listed enterprise value. The assessment system put forward five general indicators to assess the overall value of target enterprise, including the own value of enterprise, strategic core, product design and service, financial status and potential value. All indicators are divided into two classes: quantitative group and qualitative group. The weight coefficients of quantitative group are determined by data collection and the qualitative group weight coefficients are determined by expert scoring method. Considering all the indicators having different units, extreme method has been used for non-dimension and the indicators can be compared between each other. Every enterprise has a score which can represent one's own status in the whole internet industry which depends on the whole value of the five different indictors. The stock value of every internet enterprise can be estimated by the comprehensive score and the otherness between the different results from different value methods can be compared. 
Exploring the possibilities of remote yield estimation using crop water requirements for area yield index insurance in a data-scarce dryland. The need for accurate and meaningful agricultural data as the means of making vibrant policies and informed decisions, is an increasing concern for policymakers in developing countries such as Ethiopia, where such information is usually scarce. In Ethiopia, the impacts of climate change on crops yields is rarely available at the lowest administrative levels such as wards/villages, for the benefits of the grassroots' populace. Thus, this research sought to evaluate the use of crop water requirements in the estimation of crops' yield. FAO's CROPWAT 8. 0 application was used to pre-determine the possibility, preceding the use of CROWRAYEM. Both CROPWAT and CROWRAYEM had high coefficients of determination, when tested with a survey data of barley and sorghum farmers' yield for the 2015 to 2018 cropping season in semi-arid southern Tigray, northern Ethiopia. Furthermore, the infusion of the crop yield into a recently published area yield index insurance payout structure, increases the functionality of the proposed yield estimated model (CROWRAYEM). 
Exploration of National Tourism Development, Innovation and Marketing Policies: A Case Study of Nepal Tourism Constraints. The main purpose of this analysis was to construct a sought-on tourism innovation & tourism marketing strategies which are essential tools for development of tourism industry for a particular tourism resource nation. This report centrally focused on Nepalese tourism development constraints discourse by emphasizing the context of innovation and marketing. The data were derived from multiple sources such as: field observation, review of multiple public sectors tourism institution's policy and plan documents, questionnaire opinion collected from domestic and international tourists and in-depth open-end interviews taken with influential tourism stakeholders. Even though there is not much that had been done to address the tourism innovativeness and marketing strategies from the academia and Government institutions in Nepal, this report aimed to figure out the major pitfall and illustrate the suitable recommendation towards drafting the strategies and policies that can facilitate overall Nepalese tourism development. The subject is essential to ensure sustainable growth and to achieve the tourism national goal. Our study aimed to generalize the research gap by putting forward ITDM model which is the sum of idea generated from SOSTAC and Abernathy & Clark innovation model. ITDM was casted forward after analyzing and reviewing the applicability for Nepalese tourism development context. The highlighted finding of this research can conclude that: "There is collaboration dysfunctionality among key stakeholders, disintegration of common goals within key stake holders, failure of high-level tourism council functionality, inadequate budget line, un-contextual vision lead mission, lack of skilled manpower, poor tourism infrastructures, aviation infra scarcity, low degree of ICT readiness, un-updated national. 
Genetic Algorithm for Arbitrage with More than Three Currencies. We develop a genetic algorithm that is able to find the optimal sequence of exchange rates that maximizes arbitrage profits with more than three currencies, being both the triangular arbitrage and the direct exchange rate two special cases of the proposed algorithm. Applying the algorithm to the most traded currencies, we find average profits ranking from 4. 5083% to 0. 3162% for changing 1 USD for EUR with respect to the direct exchange rate, for different transaction costs, during the period October 2000-April 2012. Our results also suggest that the arbitrage profits increased just after the subprime crisis in summer of 2007 and that they are higher when the market is less liquid. 
A Comparative Study of the Effect of Interlocking Directorates on Merger Target Selection under Different Merger and Acquisition Modes. there are interlocking directorates in merger company and potential target company, it is more likely for the potential target to be the object company. What's more, by comparison, when the acquiring company and the target company are from different industries, there is greater impact of interlocking directorates, and the effects are stronger in vertical mergers than in mixed mergers and horizontal mergers. 
The Economics of Regulating New Plant Breeding Technologies - Implications for the Bioeconomy Illustrated by a Survey Among Dutch Plant Breeders. New plant breeding technologies (NPBTs) are increasingly used for developing new plants with novel traits. The science tells us that those plants in general are as safe as than those once developed using "conventional" plant breeding methods. The knowledge about the induced changes and properties of the new plants by using NPBTs is more precise. This should lead to the conclusion that plants developed using NPBTs should not be regulated differently than those developed using "conventional" plant breeding methods. This contribution discusses the economics of regulating new plant breeding technologies. We first develop the theoretical model and elaborate on the different regulatory approaches being used and compare their advantages and disadvantages. Then we provide a perspectives on EU regulation around mutagenesis-based New Plant Breeding Techniques (NPBT), formed by new insights from a survey among Dutch plant breeding companies. The survey measures the attitude of breeding companies towards the ruling of the EU Court of Justice that subjected the use of CRISPR-Cas in the development of new plant varieties under the general EU regulations around GMOs. The results show that plant breeders experience a financial barrier because of the ruling, with perceived negative impact on competitiveness and investments in CRISPR-Cas as a result. The degree of negative impact differs however significantly among seed-sectors and company sizes. One of the most striking results was the relative optimism of companies in the sector about more lenient legislation in the next five years, despite the stated negative effects. 
On the occurrence of rainstorm damage based on home insurance and weather data. Rainstorm damage caused by the malfunction of urban drainage systems and water intrusion due to defects in the building envelope can be considerable. Little research on this topic focused on the collection of damage data, the understanding of damage mechanisms and the deepening of data analysis methods. In this report, the relative contribution of different failure mechanisms to the occurrence of rainstorm damage is investigated, as well as the extent to which these mechanisms relate to weather variables. For a case study in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, a property level home insurance database of around 3100 water-related damage claims was analysed. The records include comprehensive transcripts of communication between insurer, insured and damage assessment experts, which allowed claims to be classified according to their actual damage cause. The results show that roof and wall leakage is the most frequent failure mechanism causing precipitation-related claims, followed by blocked roof gutters, melting snow and sewer flooding. Claims related to sewer flooding were less present in the data, but are associated with significantly larger claim sizes than claims in the majority class, i. e. roof and wall leakages. Rare events logistic regression analysis revealed that maximum rainfall intensity and rainfall volume are significant predictors for the occurrence probability of precipitation-related claims. Moreover, it was found that claims associated with rainfall intensities smaller than 7-8 mm in a 60-min window are mainly related to failure processes in the private domain, such as roof and wall leakages. For rainfall events that exceed the 7-8 mm h -1 threshold, the failure of systems in the public domain, such as sewer systems, start to contribute considerably to the overall occurrence probability of claims. The communication transcripts, however, lacked information to be conclusive about to which extent sewer-related claims were caused by overloading of sewer systems or failure of system components. 
ATTITUDES AND OPINIONS OF YOUNG POPULATION ON THE CONCEPT OF THE INTERNET AS A FORM OF INTEGRATED MARKETING COMMUNICATION. Integrated Marketing Communication is both the system and the process of development and implementation of multiple forms of communication with the market. Its long-term goal is to strengthen relations with the current customers but also to attract new customers. Therefore, the primary goal of integrated marketing communication is to have influence on the behaviour of customers in order to shape and change their views and opinions. The marketing communication mix consists of advertising, direct marketing communications, sales promotion, personal selling, public relations, publicity and outdoor advertising. This analysis analyzes the attitudes and opinions of young population regarding the Internet as one of the most important media market communications. The instrument of data collection was a questionnaire and hypotheses were tested by using the chi-square test and confirmatory factor analysis. 
Production & Manufacturing Research The quality journey for Greek SMEs and their financial performance The quality journey for Greek SMEs and their financial performance. a department of accounting and finance, american college of greece, athens, greece; b division of automotive, Mechanical and Mechatronics, university of hertfordshire, hatfield, uK; c department of sport Management, university of Peloponnese, sparta, greece ABSTRACT This report measures and examines the eagerness of Greek ISO certified SMEs to continue their journey towards quality, whilst facing economic crisis conditions. The level of quality implemented in the Greek ISO certified SMEs was determined by the main quality elements used to characterize TQM namely the quality culture, the quality tools and techniques, the quality processes and the performance appraisal. A set of ten structural interviews were conducted. From the scoring and frequency analysis conducted, it was found that the SMEs in Greece continued their journey towards quality and among those the small sized were those that showed the best performance, followed by the medium and the micro SMEs. Subsequently, the financial performance of those SMEs was tested using as criteria their profitability, efficiency, liquidity and solvency level. The conclusions derived, support the role of the quality level implemented in an SME as a means of sustaining its financial performance at a level capable of reducing the probability of bankruptcy, during severe financial crisis conditions. ARTICLE HISTORY. 
Characteristics of Strategic Partnerships between Differently Successful Companies. Globalization and rapid technological development, with all their dimensions, influence the change of the strategic orientations of companies in a way that they seek to ensure their continued existence and accelerated development by an in-depth cooperation with other organizations, which, if the four conditions explained are met, can have the characteristics of a strategic partnership. The general objective of a business or equity strategic partnership is to achieve synergy on the basis of integrated, combined and tailored in-depth collaboration, thus an additional joint effect that an individual company would not be able to achieve on its own, while the concrete objectives in each individual alliance and for each participant may be very different. Such an in-depth cooperation also occurs in cases where one of the participating companies is facing severe difficulty, both during the crisis prevention and crisis management periods. However, in these cases, due to the extremely increased risks, some methods of forming alliances are much more common and useful, while others, whose impact on joint crisis management would be too small, are typical only for the alliances between successful companies. 
IoT Testbed Business Model. The Internet-of-Things (IoT) is today one of the hypes in the technological world but despite the enormous attention and research investment, the clear business value is still hard to perceive. IoT deployments are costly to be installed, managed and maintained, and need to provide a very clear value to justify the investments. For another viewpoint, IoT technologies need to be proven before deployment, which implies the need to test and assess IoT solutions in real settings and involve the actual target users. And as such, this presents an opportunity to have IoT deployments with a clear business model mainly focused on real-life large-scale research and technological experimentation. This would mean having a sustainable IoT infrastructure in-place based on the provision of experimentation services and a trial environment to industry and research, which then could also present an opportunity to establish added-value (business) services. This is the exact idea of the flagship SmartSantander testbed facility and especially its major deployment in the city of Santander, Spain. The SmartSantander facility business model is built around experimentally-driven research and technology development thus attracting many experimenters from industry and European research projects. This model makes it possible to sustain an outstanding large-scale IoT deployment of around 12,000 sensors and on top of it the development of new the development of new services and applications especially targeting the needs of users (citizens, businesses, authorities) in smart-cities. This report studies the business model of outstanding SmartSantander facility in order to provide a generic Business Model for IoT testbeds that can provide guidance and be adapted by owners (or owners to-be) wishing to exploit their IoT deployments as facilities supporting experimentation and trials of IoT solutions. 
Trends of Business-to-Business Transactions to Develop Innovative Cancer Drugs. A key concept in the pharmaceutical industry is open innovation, in which pharmaceutical companies contribute to human health and adapt to a changing business environment by acquiring external knowledge. As successful drug discoveries and developments have become challenging, pharmaceutical companies must proactively pursue the open innovation of new drugs through various inter-firm partnerships to be more sustainable. This analysis aims to interpret the trend of inter-firm partnerships in the development of cancer drugs and to evaluate their effectiveness by examining inter-firm transactions related to cancer drugs approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). It is a novel approach to exercise this on each product instead of at the company level. The findings revealed that the number of inter-firm transactions in the oncology field has increased over the past 20 years. Furthermore, the annual number of transactions related to biologics has surpassed that of small molecules since 2015 and has been primarily driven by three PD-(L)1 inhibitors: Keytruda, Opdivo, and Tecentriq. Moreover, the average number of inter-firm transactions related to biologics is significantly higher than that of small molecules in total, in alliances, and in financing, suggesting that inter-firm transactions for biologic cancer drugs actively occur through various means. Additionally, a positive and significant correlation exists between the number of transactions and the average number of approved indications for biologics, but not for small molecules. These results suggest that the observed trend of active inter-firm transactions is key in increasing the probability of success in cancer drug research and development. This could provide a potential breakthrough in this industry for the successful development of innovative drug candidates to address unmet medical needs. Further study is necessary to confirm the applicability of this paradigm in broader drug discoveries and development. 
Supplier Selection Problems in Fashion Business Operations with Sustainability Considerations. In recent years, sustainability has been a major focus of fashion business operations because fashion industry development causes harmful effects to the environment, both indirectly and directly. The sustainability of the fashion industry is generally based on several levels and this analysis focuses on investigating the optimal supplier selection problem for sustainable materials supply in fashion clothing production. Following the ground rule that sustainable development is based on the Triple Bottom Line (TBL), this report has framed twelve criteria from the economic, environmental and social perspectives for evaluating suppliers. The well-established multi-criteria decision making tool Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) is employed for ranking potential suppliers among the pool of suppliers. Through a real case study, the proposed approach has been applied and some managerial implications are derived. 
Some notes on approaches to regulatory capital assessment for insurance firms. The intellectual climate around financial solvency regulation has changed markedly since the global financial crisis, especially with regard to the usefulness of market prices, the desirability of principle-based solvency assessment, the feasibility of a probabilistic approach to produce accurate capital estimates, and indeed whether solvency assessment should be risk-sensitive at all. This short paper provides some reflective notes on approaches to solvency capital assessment for insurance firms in this context. 
The Regional Competitiveness of Hungary. This Report focuses on the regional competitiveness analysis of Hungary. Eight aspects are taken into consideration, which are Economics, Education and Learning, Innovation, Labor Market Efficiency, Infrastructure, Health, Farm, Environment Protection and Crimes. The final results show that Kozep-Magyarorszag (Central Hungary) is the most competitive region which gets 68. 46, while Eszak Magyaroszag (Northern Hungary) which scored 24. 23 is the least competitive region. Cultural and heritage, natural features, higher stage of urban/economic development, R & D sector and high level business services are the main advantages of Kozep-Magyarorszag (Central Hungary). However, for the least competitiveness region Eszak Magyaroszag (Northern Hungary), more attention should be paid to infrastructure construction, labor mobility, institution efficiency, promotion of innovation, business environment, improvement of education and health and environment protection. 
Understanding Reporting Delay in General Insurance. The aim of this report is to understand and to model claims arrival and reporting delay in general insurance. We calibrate two real individual claims data sets to the statistical model of Jewell and Norberg. One data set considers property insurance and the other one casualty insurance. For our analysis we slightly relax the model assumptions of Jewell allowing for non-stationarity so that the model is able to cope with trends and with seasonal patterns. The performance of our individual claims data prediction is compared to the prediction based on aggregate data using the Poisson chain-ladder method. 
Heterogeneous skill distribution and college major: evidence from PIAAC Heterogeneous skill distribution and college major: evidence from PIAAC. A large literature documents the uneven distribution of labor market outcomes across majors. Students in STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) can earn more than their peers. This earnings gap can be attributed not only to the differential educational resources investment but also to heterogeneous distribution of initial cognitive skills across majors. I benefit from the rich data from the Programme for the International Assessment of Adult Competencies to examine this earnings gap in the United Stated and the United Kingdom. Based on my findings, this report establishes new facts that add to the understanding of how college field premiums are generated. I show that a sizable portion of the return to majors is due to self-selection and up to two-fifths of the field premiums can be explained by basic cognitive skills. Despite the qualitatively similar impacts of numeracy and literacy skills on choosing college field of study, the pricing of numeracy is much higher than literacy in the labor market. 
A Simple Hybrid Synchronization for a Class of Chaotic Financial Systems. It is an important to achieve the hybrid synchronization of the chaotic financial system. Chaos synchronization is equivalent to the error system which is asymptotically stable. The hybrid synchronization for a class of finance chaotic systems is discussed. First, a simple single variable controller is obtained to synchronize two identical chaotic financial systems with different initial conditions. Second, a novel algorithm is proposed to determine the variables of the master system that should antisynchronize with corresponding variables of the slave system and use this algorithm to determine the corresponding variables in the chaotic financial systems. The hybrid synchronization of the chaotic financial systems is realized by a simple controller. At the same time, different controllers can implement the chaotic financial system hybrid synchronization. In comparison with the existing results, the obtained controllers in this report are simpler than those of the existing results. Finally, numerical simulations show the effectiveness of the proposed results. 
Does the Implied Volatility Index Have Signaling Power?. This report investigates whether the implied volatility index has signaling power for the future stock index returns from VIMEX (Mexican Implied Volatility Index) and MEXBOL (Mexican BOLSA IPC Index) and if there was a change in signaling power between, before, and after the international financial crisis. We find that the implied volatility index is a meaningful indicator and that its signaling power changes between pre and post crisis. In the post crisis period, the VIMEX still works as a meaningful indicator, but the predictive power is weakened compared to the previous period. Finally, we implemented a trading strategy using the VIMEX signal to test the quality of the signal. Our results show that the VIMEX driven strategy returns outperform the benchmark returns of the outright long MEXBOL position. 
Effects of Cost Factors on National Manufacturing Based on Global Perspectives. Currently, the real economy is the important basis for the development of a country, especially after the global financial crisis in 2008. Given that the manufacturing industry is the main part of the national real economy, many developed and developing countries have paid considerable attention to its significance. This analysis focused on cost factors given that they influence national manufacturing development. Initially, this analysis proposed two elements, namely, manufacturing development scale and manufacturing development level, to evaluate national manufacturing development from two aspects: quantity and quality. Subsequently, we extracted a series of cost factors on the bass of the theoretical framework and literature, including labor costs, financing costs, tax and rental costs, energy and raw materials, foreign trade exports and business environments. On the basis of the data of 13 main manufacturing countries around the world from 2000 to 2015, we tested the influence degree of each cost element index on the scale and level of national manufacturing industry development through a two-way fixed effects model and incorporated it with the development of China's manufacturing industry as a case study. Finally, we deduced the future development trend of the manufacturing industry by specifically analyzing the cost factors affecting the development of this industry and provided policy suggestions. The main innovation and contribution of this analysis including: to comprehensively evaluate the national manufacturing development from two aspects, namely, "quantity" and "quality"; to identify the impact of national cost of the six elements; to demonstrate and determine the extent of its impact on the development trend of manufacturing sector and carry out pre-judgment through empirical research on each indicator; to provide policy recommendations targeted for each of the indicators. 
Analysis of Market Failure Theories Based on Toshiba's Business Ethic Issue: Earnings Overstatement Scandal. As a controversial topic, business ethic is becoming significantly important in today's business world. Business unethical behaviors such as fraud scandal and other accounting manipulation will bring reputation risks for organizations, which may lead to serious consequences and even severe administrative penalties. Therefore, responsible firms should have senses of good behavior and prevent themselves from committing unethical behaviors, which causing negative externalities for other organizations and people. This research paper mainly conducts research through investigation, literature review and other methods, aiming at demonstrating responsible global citizenship implications by analyzing related market failure theories based on Toshiba's business ethic issue: earnings overstatement scandal. 
Commercial Insurance as a Tool of Consumer Protection in the Czech Republic. Guarantee insurance is used by the state to solve some questions of consumer protection. To be specific it is insurance of tour operators against bankruptcy and insurance of employment agencies against bankruptcy. In both cases the insurance covers business risks of businesses and legal entities and that is the reason why the use of guarantee insurance in this context brings about several problems. On the one hand there are theoretical problems which deal with interpretation and explanation of the nature and principles of insurance and their application to insurance products and also problems concerning risk assessment of these products. On the other hand there are problems which deal with practical application and which are connected with the fact that there is no big interest in this kind of guarantee insurance among insurers with regard to their nature. Issues which approach the problem of consumer protection by means of commercial insurance are also related to the perception and understanding of insurance. Consumers demand full insurance coverage, however, taking into account the regulation of insurance market and the nature of insurance it is not possible to guarantee full insurance cover of losses which are caused by bankruptcy of a tour operator or an employment agency. 
Forecasting Model of Automobile Loan Based on Conditional Expectation. A double forecasting model based on conditional expectation was proposed through probability distribution of demand of automobile loan. The demand of automobile loan is the sum of all compound variables which indicated that automobile loan was credited to customer occurring in a certain period of time. Probability distribution of automobile loan was acquired using throughout probability theory. In view of such a fact, demand of automobile loan can be viewed as an conditional mathematic expectation. The forecasting model is proposed using growing function. Theoretical analysis and Case study shows that model based on conditional expectation is better than other model available with respect to forecasting demand of automobile loan. 
Risk and Financial Management Article Precious Metal Mutual Fund Performance Evaluation: A Series Two-Stage DEA Modeling Approach. This report documents a new series two-stage data envelopment analysis (DEA) modeling framework for mutual fund performance evaluation in terms of operational and portfolio management efficiency that is implemented to a sample of precious metal mutual funds (PMMFs). In the first and second stage, one-input/one-output and multi-input/one-output settings are used, respectively. In the light of the results, the funds assessed are inefficient in both operational and portfolio management process and in particular, they seem to be more inefficiently operated. The operational management efficiency is correlated with portfolio management efficiency and, therefore, sample funds should give more emphasis on their operational policies to ensure their success in the industry. The research framework may not only benefit PMMFs, but also funds of other classes to quantify their performance and improve their competitive advantages. 
How the Internet Influences the Development of Modern Market Economy. The internet has a tremendous influence on our life in modern society. It not only penetrates many aspects of people's daily routines but also brings great changes to the world. This report utilizes China's economy as an example to analyze how the internet impacts economic development. The relativity between the internet and economy is analyzed through professional models. With the digital revolution of the internet, the development of the market economy will be tightly connected with the internet in the current time and future. 
Scientific and Practical Basis for the Development and Design of a Management Model. The objective of this article is to contextualize the nature of management models and existing points of view, as well as the way in which they are developed or applied in the business context. The complex environment of current organizations requires flexibility to adapt to changing environment and achieve their objective with sustainable functionality, which is closely associated to their management. Furthermore, the most important approaches and trends that have proved effective management practice are identified; this could be done based on a brief historical account and extensive review of studies, which allowed reviewing and explaining the main management models as well as their elements of applicability. Afterwards, the elements for the specific design of a management model are determined to conclude that the characteristics of the mission, the elements of the culture, the complexity of the environment and the state of the technology determine the configuration of the management models, as well as, the methods and tools of planning, organization and control necessary for its implementation, evaluation and monitoring. 
Note on Nominal Rigidities and News-Driven Business Cycles. A news-driven business cycle is a positive comovement of consumption, output, labor, and investment from the news about the future. We show that nominal rigidities, especially sticky prices, can cause it in a medium-scale DSGE economy through countercyclical movements of the price-markup. We also find that sticky wages cannot generate it, but they amplify the effects of news shocks. 
The Influence of Knowledge Management on Learning in Government Organisations. There has been a tendency for government organizations to become competitive due to instability in modern economies. Accordingly, Knowledge Management (KM) has been rapidly growing in the past decade as a source of influence on organisational development practices. In the past decade research approaches largely failed to show the importance of KM initiatives in creating synergy with other initiatives to an extent that would lead towards organizational competitiveness. This report investigates whether KM holistically influences organisational learning, specifically in the context of the government sector. In order to understand the relationships between KM and organisational learning identified in the literature and increasingly used in practice, a quantitative survey approach was undertaken using a series of researcher-developed scales. Based on the literature review Organisational Learning (OL) was identified to be important in relation to KM, and a conceptual framework was designed to test the concept of the holistic influence of KM on organisational learning. Some 625 valid responses were collected from top and middle management from 54 government organizations in the Kingdom of Bahrain, and the model was statistically tested according to the research hypotheses by regression analysis then Structural Equation Modelling (SEM). The results reveal strong and significant correlations amongst organisational development practices. Even though the holistic influence of the model could not be confirmed, findings show positive KM influence on organisational development practices, thus KM is an essential factor for government organisations. As well as illustrating KM as an important source of influence, this analysis establishes a new direction that helps to integrate all governmental organisations' initiatives in relevance to organisation development practice leading to better competitiveness. The research makes a novel contribution since it increases the probability of a holistic approach model that brings support for decision makers to enhance overall government organizations' competitiveness. The scale developed for the model tested can be generalised and used as a self assessment tool for organisational practices in KM. The work sets a baseline for KM practices in M. Buheji et al. 
Service Provision in Knowledge-Based Industries -A Global Study on the Tooling Industry. In today's times, more than ever cost competition and high demands of globalized value-adding chains put strong pressure on small-and medium-sized toolmakers. As an exclusive differentiation in price is not an option, new means for achieving sustainable competitive positions have to be found. A promising approach for differentiation is to enhance the existing range of products by offering customer-specific services within so-called industrial product-service-systems. However, the lack of local presence inhibits the toolmakers' abilities to deliver these services to their global customers. To address these challenges the European R&D-project TIPSS has the objective to develop suitable methods, techniques and technologies, for toolmakers to improve their local and global performance thus enabling them to offer industrial product-service-systems on a global scale. The basis of the project is a large scale toolmaker and parts producer survey focusing on service provision. The survey identifies the global footprint of toolmakers regarding the provision of tool-related services. Key findings of the survey with respect to designing industrial product-service-systems are presented in this report. 
Decentralized Policy in Resolving Environmental Disputes with Private Information. We have design a private-information game to incorporate independent experts' assistance. With the better information provided by experts, the mistrust of the uninformed party might be dissolved. And we may get an effective and efficient resolution outcome. We will investigate conditions under which the experts' information may help the economy to get an efficient outcome or an effective resolution result. 
Impact of Switch Options on the Economics of Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine (PCV) Introduction in Indonesia. As one of Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance (previously the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization), graduating countries, Indonesia is still eligible to access Gavi price for PCV13, PCV10 A and B. This analysis aims to estimate the economic impact of switch from the existing product/presentation of PCV (single-dose of PCV13) to the new product/presentation of PCV (multi-dose of PCV13, PCV10 A and B) since PCV is one of the most expensive vaccines in the Expanded Program on Immunization (EPI) schedule. Assuming that Gavi-Advance Market Commitment (AMC) price for all PCVs can be accessed in 2021, the use of multi-dose PCV13, PCV10 A and PCV10 B with Gavi-AMC price in 2021-2024 were considered as respective scenarios. The result showed that the scenario assuming the use of single-dose of PCV13 with contract price in 2019-2020 that would be switched into multi-dose of PCV10 B with Gavi-AMC price in 2021-2024 resulted in the highest potential saving, compared with other scenarios. Our analysis suggests an economic advantage to switch from single-dose into a multi-dose presentation. Vaccination coverage, vaccine price, vaccine wastage and additional Gavi-AMC vaccine costs were considered to be the most influential parameter affecting the savings in all scenarios. Applying the effectiveness of PCV13 and PCV10 A on reducing the risk for invasive pneumococcal disease (IPD), potential averted incidence of IPD in children under one year of age during 2019-2024 would be 246,164 and 105,587 in both scenarios. Despite the result confirmed that PCV13 may provide an additional benefit, a more comprehensive economic evaluation study is required to investigate further the comparison of cost-effectiveness values among all PCVs in Indonesia. 
The Exponential Estimate of the Ultimate Ruin Probability for the Non-Homogeneous Renewal Risk Model. In this work, the non-homogeneous risk model is considered. In such a model, claims and inter-arrival times are independent but possibly non-identically distributed. The easily verifiable conditions are found such that the ultimate ruin probability of the model satisfies the exponential estimate exp{- u} for all values of the initial surplus u 0. Algorithms to estimate the positive constant are also presented. In fact, these algorithms are the main contribution of this work. Sharpness of the derived inequalities is illustrated by several numerical examples. 
The Effectiveness and Sustainability of the Sterilization Policy in China. The aim of this report is to examine the sterilization policy in China. First, several indices are used to measure the status of China's markets and to determine effectiveness and sustainability of the sterilization policy and the possible impacts it may have induced. Second, within a microeconomic framework, we incorporate the housing price variable into the target loss function of the monetary authority to explore its financial capabilities and evaluate the effectiveness and sustainability of China's sterilization policy. The empirical results show that Chinese monetary authorities sterilize almost all of the effects of international capital inflows and increase foreign exchange reserves on the monetary base. That is, increased capital mobility does not sabotage the independence of the Chinese monetary policy. Nevertheless, analyses of the sustainability of sterilization policy indicate that the sustainability of the monetary sterilization policy has been seriously challenged since March 2008, which suggests that Chinese monetary authority has endured tremendous pressure for unsustainable sterilization. 
Thermoelectric Transport Properties of Cu Nanoprecipitates Embedded Bi 2 Te 2. 7 Se 0. 3. We suggest a simple and scalable synthesis to prepare Cu-Bi 2 Te 2. 7 Se 0. 3 (Cu-BTS) nanocomposites. By precipitating Cu nanoparticle (NP) in colloidal suspension of as-exfoliated BTS, homogeneous mixtures of Cu NP and BTS nanosheet were readily achieved, and then the sintered nanocomposites were fabricated by spark plasma sintering technique using the mixed powder as a raw material. The precipitated Cu NPs in the BTS matrix effectively generated nanograin (BTS) and heterointerface (Cu/BTS) structures. The maximum of 0. 90 at 400 K, which is 15% higher compared to that of pristine BTS, was obtained in 3 vol% Cu-BTS nanocomposite. The enhancement of resulted from improved power factor by carrier filtering effect due to the Cu nanoprecipitates in the BTS matrix. 
Classification of Children's Sitting Postures Using Machine Learning Algorithms. Sitting on a chair in an awkward posture or sitting for a long period of time is a risk factor for musculoskeletal disorders. A postural habit that has been formed cannot be changed easily. It is important to form a proper postural habit from childhood as the lumbar disease during childhood caused by their improper posture is most likely to recur. Thus, there is a need for a monitoring system that classifies children's sitting postures. The purpose of this report is to develop a system for classifying sitting postures for children using machine learning algorithms. The convolutional neural network (CNN) algorithm was used in addition to the conventional algorithms: Naive Bayes classifier (NB), decision tree (DT), neural network (NN), multinomial logistic regression (MLR), and support vector machine (SVM). To collect data for classifying sitting postures, a sensing cushion was developed by mounting a pressure sensor mat (8 x 8) inside children's chair seat cushion. Ten children participated, and sensor data was collected by taking a static posture for the five prescribed postures. The accuracy of CNN was found to be the highest as compared with those of the other algorithms. It is expected that the comprehensive posture monitoring system would be established through future research on enhancing the classification algorithm and providing an effective feedback system. 
Land Value Capture Tools: Integrating Transit and Land Use through Finance to Enable Economic Value Creation. Cities in the 21 st century are wanting urban rail linked to Transit Oriented Development (TOD) for economic, social and environmental outcomes. However, traditional sources of funding and planning governance are failing due to the limitations of government accessed capital and even where urban rail is built, TOD's are not always created due to a lack of integrative governance. This report shows how private finance and expertise can be both the source of rail capital and the integrative governance force required for co-operative partnership-based TOD's. We call this TFUL-transit, finance and urban land development. A range of tools for land value capture (LVC) are outlined that are used to provide TFUL outcomes though some are better than others for creating economic value in the resulting TOD's. The differences are shown to be related to the need to integrate financial capital, political capital and social capital; in particular this is due to how much private investment and expertise is incorporated into the LVC process along with the usual community and government processes. Case studies from developed and emerging cities are outlined for each of the four groups of LVC tools: Fully Public: Land-Based Levies; Partially Private: Tax Increment Financing; Partially Public: Special Improvement Districts; and Fully Private: Entrepreneur Rail Development. The conclusions drawn from this analysis support the significance of private sector involvement from the concept stage for TFUL projects to enable wider economic value creation and land value capture opportunities. 
Assessment Center Dimensions Predict Performance-Based Bonus in Business Management Settings. This analysis sought to add to the literature on the validity of Assessment centers (ACs) by first examining the factorial structure emerging from observers' dimension ratings and then examining their predictive validity using a performance criterion often unavailable to researchers-performance-based bonus payment. A series of ACs specially designed for the selection of candidates for entry-mid tier management positions in a large financial corporate (n = 180) was used as the sampling frame. For candidates who were promoted to managerial position we gathered bonus information within 6 -12 months of their promotion (n = 75). The dimension ratings and factorial structure of the AC were examined to reveal a 2-factor structure pertaining to cognitive and interpersonal aspects of performance. Both the original dimensions and the two factorial grades showed moderate predictive validity using performance-based bonus as the criterion: The 'organizational commitment' dimension best predicted bonus payment (r =. 38; p <. 01) and the interpersonal factorial grade best predicted bonus (standardized b =. 22 p <. 01), followed by the cognitive factor, after controlling for gender and tenure. The theoretical and practical implications of the findings are briefly discussed. 
Baltic Journal of Economics Productivity clustering and growth in Central and Eastern Europe Productivity clustering and growth in Central and Eastern Europe. This article uses a non-linear time-varying model to test productivity convergence in 10 emerging countries within Central and Eastern Europe. The results show that the convergence algorithm has rejected the null hypothesis of convergence for all countries in most of the sectors. Also, we found evidence that the productivity clusters for total economy and other sectors are very different in terms of number and countries. Additionally, even if the productivity gaps in the region have been reduced, we still notice significant disparities between countries. The clustering algorithm shows countries which have a high productivity growth in some sectors and a low productivity growth in others. This reveals the prevalence of idiosyncratic factors in productivity determinants. Baltic countries are catching up, while other countries such as Bulgaria are underperformers. 
Payment Schemes in Conditional Cash Transfer Programs: The Case of 4Ps in the Davao Region, Philippines. This report evaluates current payment schemes employed by the Pantawid Pamilyang Pilipino Program (4Ps) in the Philippines using six assessment criteria: transaction cost, security/risks, speed and timeliness, acceptability, resilience and flexibility. Employing data collected at the regional level, we establish four main findings:
Background. Post-traumatic symptomatology is one of the signature effects of the pernicious exposures endured by responders to the World Trade Center (WTC) disaster of 11 September 2001 (9/11), but the long-term extent of diagnosed Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition (DSM-IV) post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and its impact on quality of life are unknown. This analysis examines the extent of DSM-IV PTSD 11-13 years after the disaster in WTC responders, its symptom profiles and trajectories, and associations of active, remitted and partial PTSD with exposures, physical health and psychosocial well-being. 
Integration of GDP and FDI in Economies at Different Stages of Growth. The objective of this analysis is to analyze the relationship between FDI and GDP for countries representing developed, developing and underdeveloped economies around the world. The countries identified for the purpose are Bhutan, Ethiopia, India, Brazil, USA and UK. Johansen cointegration test reveals that long-run equilibrium relationship between the two variables exists for Ethiopia, India and UK only. The VEC model shows no related short-run causality for any of these three countries. The study has implications in terms of policy decisions. Using FDI to boost GDP growth rate in the short-run is not an effective option for any country under the study. Since the vector error correction (VEC) model suggests that the two variables have a statistically significant adjustment mechanism for India, the study concludes that India can use FDI to leverage her long-term GDP. No evidence of link between the state of development of economy and integration of FDI and GDP is found by the study. eign direct investments) is one such source that countries across the world are trying to use to power their growth, measured in terms of GDP (Gross domestic product). It is a common understanding that countries should allow foreign inflows in the form of FDI for financing projects and programmes that propel growth. Many countries are pursuing highly liberal FDI-related policies. Currently, all types of economies are working towards attracting FDI flows to their countries and to achieve this, the concerned governments are formulating accommodative policies and endeavoring to improve their ranking in the Ease of Doing Business report of World Bank (http://www. doingbusiness. org/rankings). 
Journal of Small Business Management How novice and experienced entrepreneurs name new ventures. We examine the role of entrepreneurial experience in shaping a key decision that every entrepreneur has to make: naming their new venture. Using a qualitative approach, we compare and contrast serial and novice entrepreneurs as they name the same company. We find several naming practices and show that novice and serial entrepreneurs use distinct naming strategies reflecting appeals to cognitive and emotional resonance. Our findings contribute to theory on firm names with a much-needed account of naming practices and provide insights for research on legitimation by showing that differences in entrepreneurial experience are consequential for venture naming decisions. 
Materials Study on Optimization Technology to Strengthen Ni-Based Composite Coating Electroplate Containing Nanodiamond. Ni-based composite coating containing nanodiamonds was deposited on the substrate of Q235A low-carbon steel in a traditional Watts solution, without any additive. The nanodiamond grains prepared by detonation synthesis were measured by Transmission electron microscope (TEM) and X-ray diffraction (XRD). The electrochemical behavior of Ni 2+ ion in the composite bath including nanodiamonds was studied by linear sweep voltammetry experiments, and the morphology, elastic modulus, and hardness of Ni-based composite coating were characterized using Scanning Electron microscope (SEM) and the nano-indenter XP tester. Effects of the nanodiamond concentration in the bath, stirring speed, and the electroplate mode on the properties of Ni-based composite coating were investigated. The results show that the reduction of Ni 2+ ion in the electroplating process increased initially, and then decreased as the nanodiamond concentration in the bath increased from 4 g/L to 16 g/L, irrespective of whether direct current (DC), single-pulse, or double-pulse electroplating mode was used. The highest over-potential could be obtained when the nanodiamond concentration in the bath was 8 g/L. Moreover, the hardness and elastic modulus of the composite coating prepared by the DC electroplating mode were 4. 68 and 194. 30 GPa, respectively. By using the same plating parameters, the coating prepared by the double-pulse electroplating mode showed better properties, with hardness and elastic modulus values of 5. 22 and 197. 38 GPa, respectively. 
An "Embedded" Mode of International Talent Training Boosts the Two-Way Opening of Higher Education. The Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) introduces new demands for international talents, and the strategy for the coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Province which gives new opportunities to train such talents in Hebei Province. In this context, relevant adjustments shall be made into the training of international talents in order to better meet the needs of the times. This report outline the "embedded" international talent cultivation, a practice carried out in Hebei in the two-way opening of higher education, which is aim to cultivate international management talents who understand international laws, master economic management expertise in the context of globalization, have innovative ability, cross-cultural competence, practical ability and high foreign language ability, are familiar with international business activities and rules, and able to work in enterprises and institutions. It is a practice to pose quality education resources from abroad while building on cultural confidence. This article also offers a peek into the export of culture and its contribution to the two-way opening of higher education. 
The Role of Seeding in Multi-Stage vs. Two-Stage Diffusion Models. Seeding the market by delivering free samples is a common strategy marketers use to promote new products, shorten the introduction stage and accelerate diffusion. There are several models for assessing seeding effectiveness and determining the optimal seeding that can maximize profits, given costs, diffusion parameters' values and interest rates. In practice, however, managers use seeding mainly as a competitive tool, as a way to improve market position rather than to promote and accelerate the diffusion of a new product category. Actual seeding is quite small in volume compared to the optimal levels recommended by existing models. Seeding is also accompanied by other steps which do not involve giving away products. It is argued here that the problem is not the fact that marketers do not implement an optimal strategy, but rather the modeling itself. We present a method for analyzing seeding effectiveness and optimization, based on a diffusion model with a multi-stage purchase process, as suggested by Kalish. We compare the diffusion acceleration and optimal seeding assessments of our model against existing seeding assessment and optimization diffusion models that are based on a two-stage purchase process as described in the Bass model. To achieve optimization our model recommends seeding, as a means to accelerate the diffusion of new product categories, only in rare cases. This coincides much better with firms' actual implementation of seeding strategies than seeding levels recommended by models in the literature. In particular, it is aligned with managers' intuition that diffusion models with a two-stage purchase can lead to oversampling and an overestimated sales acceleration forecast. 
Sources of export growth and development of manufacturing industry: empirical evidence from Croatia Sources of export growth and development of manufacturing industry: empirical evidence from Croatia. The article quantifies the sources of manufacturing export growth in Croatia. The research objectives are achieved by applying the constant market share method (C. M. S. ) and input-output model. While the C. M. S. method quantifies the factors which explain trends in manufacturing exports, the input-output method quantifies the impacts of manufacturing exports on other domestic sectors. The obtained results show that after the E. U. accession export performance of the Croatian manufacturing industry have substantially improved. The results indicate that a gain in competitiveness in the Croatian manufacturing industry was the most important factor which determined the increasing share of national companies in a period from 2013 to 2015. Besides the manufacturing industry, export growth indirectly contributes to better performance of all domestic producers included in the value added chain of exporters. Indirect effects are the most pronounced for agriculture, trade, transport and business services. 
Newborn Sex Selection and India's Overpopulation Problem. We begin by noting how India is highly overpopulated and that this creates negative externalities for world environment. Next, we note that females in child-bearing ages alone determine the birth rate, compounding the population growth anywhere. Third, forcing families to have unwanted daughters can increase discrimination against women. Fourth, most countries impose no restrictions on women choosing the sex of their next baby. We use these propositions to argue that cultural preference against daughters in India has important benefits until India achieves net reproduction rate of unity. We argue that the correct policy for malnourished overpopulated India must be the exact opposite of the focus in North America and Europe, where they have an obesity epidemic and declining populations. 
The regulation of competition and procurement in the National Health Service 2015-2018: enduring hierarchical control and the limits of juridification. Since 1990, market mechanisms have occurred in the predominantly hierarchical National Health Service (NHS). The Health and Social Care Act 2012 led to concerns that market principles had been irrevocably embedded in the NHS and that the regulators would acquire unwarranted power compared with politicians (known as 'juridification'). To assess this concern, we analysed regulatory activity in the period from 2015 to 2018. We explored how economic regulation of the NHS had changed in light of the policy turn back to hierarchy in 2014 and the changes in the legislative framework under Public Contracts Regulations 2015. We found the continuing dominance of hierarchical modes of control was reflected in the relative dominance and behaviour of the sector economic regulator. But there had also been a limited degree of juridification involving the courts. Generally, the regulatory decisions were consistent with the 2014 policy shift away from market principles and with the enduring role of hierarchy in the NHS, but the existing legislative regime did allow the incursion of pro market regulatory decision making, and instances of such decisions were identified. 
Case Study Based Model to Propose the Integration of Suppliers in a Central State in Mexico. This report addresses the situation of an industrial park in Mexico from the perspective of its community. It exposes a case study approach with the points of view of residents, businesses, and authorities to improve the socioeconomic conditions of the region: Sahagun, Hidalgo. The result of this article comes from a project ran by the Ministry of Economy of the state, to trigger the development of this area. The background of the topic is presented, its theoretical basis, and the methodological design. Finally, an integrative model is exposed to show the necessary actions to articulate enterprises-the society and the government to develop the town. 
Analytical Business Model for Sustainable Distributed Retail Enterprises in a Competitive Market. Retail enterprises are organizations that sell goods in small quantities to consumers for personal consumption. In distributed retail enterprises, data is administered per branch. It is important for retail enterprises to make use of data generated within the organization to determine consumer patterns and behaviors. Large organizations find it difficult to ascertain customer preferences by merely observing transactions. This has led to quantifiable losses, such as loss of market share to competitors and targeting the wrong market. Although some enterprises have implemented classical business models to address these challenging issues, they still lack analytics-based marketing programs to gain a competitive advantage to deal with likely catastrophic events. This research develops an analytical business (ARANN) model for distributed retail enterprises in a competitive market environment to address the current laxity through the best arrangement of shelf products per branch. The ARANN model is built on association rules, complemented by artificial neural networks to strengthen the results of both mutually. According to experimental analytics, the ARANN model outperforms the state of the art model, implying improved confidence in business information management within the dynamically changing world economy. 
Synergies and Trade-Offs for Sustainable Food Production in Sweden: An Integrated Approach. The production of food can have large impacts on sustainable development in relation to various socio-ecological dimensions, like climate change, the environment, animal welfare, livestock epidemiology, and the economy. To achieve a sustainable food production system in Sweden, an integrated approach that considers all five of these dimensions, and all parts of the food production chain, is necessary. This report systematically reviewed the literature related to food production in Sweden, especially in association with resource distribution and recycling logistics, and identified potential sustainability interventions and assessed their effects according to the five dimensions. Participation of stakeholders across the food production chain contributed with the focus of the literature search and subsequent synthesis. In general, there were synergies between the sustainability interventions and their effect on climate change and the environment, while there often were trade-offs between effects on the economy and the other dimensions. Few interventions considered effects on animal welfare or livestock epidemiology and few studies dealt with resource distribution and recycling logistics. This indicates that there is a need for future research that considers this in particular, as well as research that considers the whole food production chain and all dimensions at once, and investigates effects across multiple scales. 
RESEAR CH A RTIC LE Social Welfare Effects of Transparency and Misinformation in a Political Economy. We present a game-theoretical model arguing that greater public transparency does not necessarily lead to higher social welfare. Political agents can benefit from providing citizens with misleading information aimed at aligning citizens' choices with the political agents' preferences. Citizens can lose from being fooled by political agents, though they can mitigate their losses by conducting costly inspections to detect false information. Producing and detecting false information is costly and can reduce social welfare. 
Relationship between Entropy and Dimension of Financial Correlation-Based Network. We analyze the dimension of a financial correlation-based network and apply our analysis to characterize the complexity of the network. First, we generalize the volume-based dimension and find that it is well defined by the correlation-based network. Second, we establish the relationship between the Renyi index and the volume-based dimension. Third, we analyze the meaning of the dimensions sequence, which characterizes the level of departure from the comparison benchmark based on the randomized time series. Finally, we use real stock market data from three countries for empirical analysis. In some cases, our proposed analysis method can more accurately capture the structural differences of networks than the power law index commonly used in previous studies. 
Research on the Efficacy of College Students' Choosing Jobs from the Perspective of Family Education Investment. Family education investment is an important part of human capital investment, and one of the most important factors affecting children's talents. The sense of career effectiveness is the expected return of education investment, and it is also an important indicator to measure college students' career choice. However, there is little research on the relationship between family education investment and college students' job-seeking efficacy. On the basis of summarizing the previous studies, based on Schultz's human capital theory, this report analyzes the influencing factors and studies the relationship between family education investment and college students' career satisfaction from the perspective of family education investment. The conclusions are as follows: First, there is a certain degree of correlation between family education investment and college students' job-seeking efficacy, but it is not the only decisive factor. Second, family education investment will have an impact on college students' job-seeking efficacy. 
Economics of Distributed Power Generation via Gasification of Biomass and Municipal Solid Waste. More than one billion people worldwide still lack access to electricity. Rural electrification via gasification has the potential to satisfy electricity access and demand. This analysis conducts an economic evaluation of rural electrification through gasification of biomass and municipal solid waste (MSW) using a 60 kW downdraft gasifier, developed at Oklahoma State University. The effects of feedstock cost, electricity selling price, feed-in-tariff, tipping fee, tax rate, and the output power are evaluated using major financial parameters: the net present value, internal rate of return, modified internal rate of return, simple payback period, and discounted payback period, and sensitivity analysis. Results show that the downdraft gasification power system offers a payback period of 7. 7 years, while generating an internal rate of return, modified internal rate of return, and net present value of 10. 9%, 7. 7%, and $84,550, respectively. Results from a sensitivity analysis indicate that the feed-in-tariff has the greatest positive contribution to the project's net present value. Using MSW, the gasification power system potentially reduces carbon dioxide, nitrogen oxides, and sulfur dioxide emissions as compared to direct combustion and landfill. The technology provides a promising future for rural electrification utilizing biomass and MSW whilst offering economic and environmental benefits for local communities. 
This analysis analyzes gasoline prices in Florida and Georgia before and after Hurricane Irma, a major weather event that affected both states in 2017. The analysis reveals that gasoline prices in both states increased and stabilized well in advance of state of emergency declarations that triggered the states' price gouging laws. Price gouging laws thus appear to be inconsequential. Free market forces determine prices unhindered by government price controls during hurricane emergencies. 
The Function and Implementation Strategy of Campus Culture Activities in Training Talents. Campus culture activities are important ways to implement quality education and enhance the students' awareness of innovation and practical ability. According to the practice and exploration of campus culture activities, the campus culture activities should focus on three aspects: immerse into the socialist core value system, actively create a good educational environment and develop various campus culture activities. These measures have achieved very good results in practice. 
New methods to define heavy-tailed distributions with applications to insurance data New methods to define heavy-tailed distributions with applications to insurance data. Heavy-tailed distributions play an important role in modelling data in actuarial and financial sciences. In this article, nine new methods are suggested to define new distributions suitable for modelling data with an heavy right tail. For illustrative purposes, a special sub-model is considered in detail. Maximum likelihood estimators of the model parameters are obtained and a Monte Carlo simulation study is carried out to assess the behaviour of the estimators. Furthermore, some actuarial measures are calculated. A simulation study based on these actuarial measures is done. The usefulness of the proposed model is proved empirically by means of two real data sets. Finally, Bayesian analysis and performance of Gibbs sampling for the data sets are also carried out. 
Estimating the Present Value of Carbon Sequestration. We demonstrate an application evaluating carbon sequestration benefits from federal policy alternatives. Using detailed forest inventory data, we projected carbon sequestration outcomes in the coterminous 48 states for a baseline scenario and three policy scenarios through 2050. Alternatives included (1) reducing deforestation from development, (2) afforestation in the eastern United States and reforestation in the western United States, and (3) reducing standreplacing wildfires. We used social cost of carbon estimates to evaluate the present value of carbon sequestration benefits gained with each policy. Results suggest that afforestation and reforestation would provide the greatest marginal increase in carbon benefit, far exceeding policy cost. 
Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone and Its Effect on Economic Growth: A Counter-Factual Approach *. Together with the deepening of globalization and economic integration, trade and investment liberalization has played more important role in economic cooperation. Besides the free trade agreements among member countries, free trade zone is also considered to establish a favorable environment in order to attract foreign investment and promote economic growth of the areas laying inside and outside the zone. On the basis of economic reforming and trade liberalization initiative, China approved the establishment of Shanghai Pilot free trade zone on September 29th, 2013. The Shanghai Pilot free trade zone is the experiment area of the whole country's national economic transition process. For the first time, many new policies and management mode were adopted in this area to examine their performance and usability. This analysis aims to analyze the policy's effect of Shanghai pilot free trade zone on Shanghai economic growth. By using counter-factual method, the study compares the difference of Shanghai GDP in counter-factual scenario from the actual scenario and figures out the policy effect with the existence of the free trade zone. Therefore, the finding emphasizes the strong effect of Shanghai free trade zone on its economic growth. Understanding the economic effect of Shanghai pilot free trade zone is necessary to further up investment and trade liberalization in China. 74 Open Journal of Social Sciences nister of Commerce for China continues to duplicate the Shanghai FTZ at more widespread level in different provinces. On the 31st of March, 2017, seven new FTZs were officially approved in Liaoning, Zhejiang, Henan, Hubei, Chongqing, Sichuan and Shaanxi municipality. Each FTZ not only shares many common. 
Gender as a Dimension of Inequality in Accounting Organizations and Developmental HR Strategies. Considering the increasing number of women entering the accounting profession, it is timely to explore the inequalities that still exist and consider what policy processes continue to forge inequalities between men and women. Through a systematic literature review (SLR) of accounting and management journals during the period 1994-2017, we assessed the different dynamics that have shaped inequalities between men and women, presenting both the employee and employer perspectives of professional enhancement. The study was framed around conceptualizations of gendered organizations and highlighted how cultural and social practices impact men and women differently. Our study found there are still organization practices that have profound gendered effects. Our study shows that there are contemporary human resource (HR) practices of recruitment, selection, and advancement; perceptions of visibility and invisibility at work; motherhood and childcare responsibilities; and finally, discourses of the glass ceiling that constitute organization and societal barriers that limit women's career progression. Most importantly we reveal that constraints nowadays are similar to those identified in the 90s. We explored these gendered constructions and suggest relevant HR strategies that can aid women's advancement. 
Export Mode Heterogenicity and Enterprise Productivity-A Test about Learning by Exporting. Based on the theory of heterogeneous enterprise trade and enterprise micro-data, this report investigates the influence of direct export and indirect export on enterprise productivity, and explains the knowledge spillovers of the hypothesis of "learning by exporting" from the perspective of the relationship between export and enterprise productivity. Empirical results show that: direct export improves enterprise productivity which increased with the rising of direct export intensity. By contrast, indirect export exerts little influence on enterprise productivity. We conclude that direct export is an important channel for "learning by exporting" which is of great significance to improvement of enterprise productivity. 
Study on Team Stability Based on the Perspective of Knowledge Potential *. Based on the knowledge potential, we analyze the stability of team. Using Logistic rule simulation knowledge of alliance competition process, we draw stable solution of knowledge shift in the team; through the system MATLAB simulation, it shows that stability of team has something to do with length of cooperation. Research results can provide reference for promoting the stability of team and internal knowledge sharing. 
Crowdsourcing innovation and product development: Gamification as a motivational driver PUBLIC INTEREST STATEMENT Subjects: e-Business; Internet / Digital Marketing / e-Marketing; Management of Technol- ogy & Innovation. Crowdsourcing-outsourcing a job to external contributors through an open call-has become an important part of innovation process and product development. However, many crowdsourcing initiatives fail due to low engagement and participation. In the current paper, we aim to explore how companies can employ gamificationgame elements and design techniques-to motivate contributions to a crowdsourcing project. Based on an exploratory case study of Threadless, a web-based apparel store, we propose implications that can assist companies in leveraging global capabilities for new product development. Threadless employs game thinking through a wide array of game elements and game mechanics including challenges, achievements, countdowns, discovery, points, reward schedules, and status. Our analysis shows that consumers are fun seekers. They will carry out activities without expecting anything in return, if they perceive it as being fun. Moreover, companies should openly acknowledge consumers' contributions and give them recognition by using flexible reward system, statuses, and challenges. Despite the importance of extrinsic rewards, it is also essential to realize that intrinsic factors are crucial for maintaining consumers' continued engagement and therefore we strongly recommend companies to build a strong virtual brand community around their crowdsourcing projects. 
The Influence of Paternalistic Leadership on the Creative Behavior of Knowledge Workers-Based on the Perspective of Psychological Contractual Perception. Employee innovation is the foundation of enterprise innovation. Each knowledge worker should be an innovation unit. This reminds managers that they need to examine their own behaviors and methods in the process of organization and management from the perspective of employees. This analysis is based on the perspective of social exchange theory. Through the combination of interviews and questionnaire surveys, we have referenced domestic and international scales, and analyzed the paternalistic leadership style, psychological contractual awareness, and employee innovation behavior using statistical methods such as correlation analysis and regression analysis. The relationship between paternalistic leadership and the employee's innovative behavior was discussed. The results of this analysis show that: 1) In the unidimensional analysis, there is a positive relationship among benevolent leadership in paternalistic leadership, psychological and psychological perception, and employee innovation behavior; 2) Authoritarian leadership and psychological contract perception, there is a negative correlation between employee innovation behaviors; 3) There is a significant positive relationship between psychological contract perception and employee innovation behavior. 
Geo-Information Examining Trade-Offs between Social, Psychological, and Energy Potential of Urban Form. Urban planners are often challenged with the task of developing design solutions which must meet multiple, and often contradictory, criteria. In this report, we investigated the trade-offs between social, psychological, and energy potential of the fundamental elements of urban form: the street network and the building massing. Since formal methods to evaluate urban form from the psychological and social point of view are not readily available, we developed a methodological framework to quantify these criteria as the first contribution in this report. To evaluate the psychological potential, we conducted a three-tiered empirical study starting from real world environments and then abstracting them to virtual environments. In each context, the implicit (physiological) response and explicit (subjective) response of pedestrians were measured. To quantify the social potential, we developed a street network centrality-based measure of social accessibility. For the energy potential, we created an energy model to analyze the impact of pure geometric form on the energy demand of the building stock. The second contribution of this work is a method to identify distinct clusters of urban form and, for each, explore the trade-offs between the select design criteria. We applied this method to two case studies identifying nine types of urban form and their respective potential trade-offs, which are directly applicable for the assessment of strategic decisions regarding urban form during the early planning stages. 
Actuarial Applications and Estimation of Extended CreditRisk +. We introduce an additive stochastic mortality model which allows joint modelling and forecasting of underlying death causes. Parameter families for mortality trends can be chosen freely. As model settings become high dimensional, Markov chain Monte Carlo is used for parameter estimation. We then link our proposed model to an extended version of the credit risk model CreditRisk +. This allows exact risk aggregation via an efficient numerically stable Panjer recursion algorithm and provides numerous applications in credit, life insurance and annuity portfolios to derive P&L distributions. Furthermore, the model allows exact (without Monte Carlo simulation error) calculation of risk measures and their sensitivities with respect to model parameters for P&L distributions such as value-at-risk and expected shortfall. Numerous examples, including an application to partial internal models under Solvency II, using Austrian and Australian data are shown. 
The Creation and Usage of Media in the Science Courseware. In the process of creating science courseware for the new curriculum Science in China, a variety of media should be created and properly used. In this report, the principles of media creation and application are discussed. The media creation should follow five points: scientific, effective, inspirational, technological, and artistic. The media application has to be consistent with using aims, teaching content, teaching ways, and student cognition structure. At last, some media examples are illustrated. 
Undesired Excess Capacity and Equilibrium in an Advanced Market Economy. In this report I attempt to give theoretical foundation to the concept of undesired excess capacity that I define as an unwilling, persistent mismatch between productive capacity and final demand. Undesired excess capacity has traditional room only in oligopolistic framework, like in Keynesian and Post-Keynesian models. Otherwise I show the possibility of its existence (and persistence) also with reference to a perfectly competitive economy where firms use massively information and communication technologies (ICT). In this stylized economy, undesired excess capacity is associated with "ex-post" sunk costs, in terms of mismatch between total revenues and production costs. My approach, which draws a production theory alternative to the neoclassical one, makes it possible to account for these costs and connect them to the role of money, under the form of credit, in the continuation of the economic process. Moreover, in the conclusion of this report, I show how the notion of equilibrium that emerges from the analysis could be useful to address the issue of dynamics. 
Fatty Acid Compositions of Selected Polish Pork Hams and Sausages as Influenced by Their Traditionality. Sausages and hams are perceived as important components of culinary heritage for many regions all over the world. Consumers believe that traditional foods are characterized by unique sensory properties and high quality. However, the fats found in all pork meat products are generally not associated with favorable dietary patterns. The aim of this analysis was to verify the possible differences regarding the composition of fatty acids between traditional Polish pork hams and wiejska sausages, and their conventional equivalents. For this purpose, the fat content and fatty acid profiles were determined. The research material consisted of 2 varieties of traditional hams and 5 varieties of sausages, as well as 4 varieties of both conventional hams and sausages. The results of this analysis demonstrated that traditional hams contained significantly higher percentage of C 20:3 (cis-11,14,17) acid than their conventional equivalents. Traditional sausages were characterized by lower shares of C 18:2 (cis-9,12) and Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFA), whereas higher content of C 18:1 (cis-9), C 18:3 (cis-9,12,15), C 20:0 and Monounsaturated Fatty Acids (MUFA). This resulted in significantly higher amounts of n-3 and lower of n-6 acids than in conventional sausages. All of the tested meat products were also characterized by an unfavorable n-6/n-3 ratio. 
Direct Mechanisms, Menus and Latent Contracts. In common agency games, one cannot characterize all equilibria by considering only direct mechanisms. In an attempt to overcome this difficulty, Peters [1] and Martimort and Stole [2] identified a class of indirect mechanisms (namely, menus) which are able to characterize every equilibrium. Unfortunately, menus are difficult to handle, and several methodologies have been proposed in the literature. Here, it is shown that, even if authors consider menus rather than simpler mechanisms, many equilibria described in the literature could have been characterized by direct incentive compatible mechanisms. Use of more sophisticated mechanisms was not necessary in these cases. 
Assessing the impact of hydrodynamics on large-scale flood wave propagation -a case study for the Amazon Basin Manuscript under review for journal Hydrol. Earth Syst. Sci. Large-scale flood events often show spatial correlation in neighbouring basins, and thus can affect adjacent basins simultaneously, as well as result in superposition of different flood peaks. Consequently, such flood events need to be addressed with large-scale modelling approaches to capture these processes. Many approaches currently in place are based 10 on either a hydrologic or a hydrodynamic model. However, the resulting lack of interaction between hydrology and hydrodynamics processes, by for instance implementing groundwater infiltration on inundated floodplains, can hamper modelled inundation and discharge results where such interactions are important. In this analysis, the global hydrologic model PCR-GLOBWB at 30' spatial resolution was one-directionally and spatially coupled with the hydrodynamic model Delft3D. 
Do Changes on Sovereign Credit Rating Have Impacts on the Interdependence of Stock Markets in the Asian-Pacific Emerging Markets?. This report investigates the asymmetric effects of upgrade and downgrade of the sovereign credit rating on regional interdependence of seven emerging stock markets in the Asian Pacific Area. Firstly, by comparing the crosscountry correlation matrices of stock market index returns on event days and none event days, we find out increases in correlations in both upgrade and downgrade rating days but the frequency of decreasing correlations is significantly higher in downgrade rating days. Secondly, with a regression analysis taking advantage of time-varying conditional correlations of each stock market index with regional market index, we discover a significant increase in the correlations of most countries because of the common information effect triggered by the upgrade rating events, while for the downgrade rating events, dominant differential information effect results in decrease in the correlations. Moreover, in terms of effects of changes on sovereign ratings from other regional countries, downgrade rating events are more influential. Lastly, we apply an Error Correction Model and discern a significant long-run effect caused by the changes on the sovereign credit ratings and significant shortrun transitory effect only exists in the Thailand stock market, the source of Asian Financial Crisis, which supports the financial contagion theory. 
Analysis of the Problems of Ensuring Information Security in the Terms of the Contemporary Society. The article analyzes the domestic and foreign experience of information security in today's society. The peculiarities of the research are analyzing the process of information security from the point of two sociological paradigms: structural-functional and interpretive. The process of informatization in the society is one of the key factors of its development. This article analyzes the establishment of an information society. The article analyzes the process of informatization, which is to facilitate the survival of humanity and set it on the path of sustainable development. Owing to that fact, the problem of information security is attracting increasing interest; it is assuming primary importance among the rest of security types. This problem is investigated with the following methods. First, we reveal the nature of information security, its forms, and content within the framework of the modern information society. Second, we define the possible ways information security affects the development of society. 
